
Page#1

Page#2
Illustration by: Craig & Karl, designers of one of the first bottle labels for LIFEWTR, 
PepsiCo’s new premium water brand. See Page 9. 
Page#3

Page#4
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 02
Delivering Performance with Purpose
Our 2016 results demonstrate our 
continued ability to generate attractive 
shareholder returns while creating value 
for all of our stakeholders.
3.7%
organic revenue growth1
cost savings since 2011 
9%
associated with environmental 
sustainability initiatives
$600M
core constant 
 currency EPS growth1
~25%
net revenue from 
Everyday Nutrition2 products
>$7B
>$1B
annual savings enabled by 
our productivity agenda
cash returned to shareholders through 
dividends and share repurchases
1. Reported net revenue declined 0.4%, primarily due to foreign currency translation. Reported EPS increased 19%. 
Organic, core and constant currency results, free cash flow excluding certain items, as well as ROIC and core net ROIC, 
are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to “Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information” beginning on 
page 146 of this Annual Report for definitions and more information about these results, including a reconciliation to the 
most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
2. PepsiCo products with nutrients like grains, fruits and vegetables, or protein, plus those that are naturally nutritious 
like water and unsweetened tea.
Page#5
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 03
Indra K. Nooyi
PepsiCo Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow 
Shareholders,
I’m so pleased to report that 2016 marked another 
exceptional year for PepsiCo. Across the company, 
Table of Contents
we delivered top- tier financial performance, the 
03 Letter to Shareholders
kind of performance that’s commensurate with 
12 Financial Highlights
the confidence you’ve placed in us to steward this 
13 PepsiCo Board of Directors
iconic corporation.
14 PepsiCo Leadership
15 PepsiCo Form 10-K Here is a snapshot of what we accomplished over the past year1:
• As a result of a number of factors — from the strong positions we’ve built in growing 
146 Reconciliation of GAAP 
categories, to an expanding portfolio that includes 22 billion- dollar brands, to world- 
and Non-GAAP Information
 
class go- to-market systems and strong retail and foodservice partnerships — we 
147 Forward-L ooking Statements
grew organic revenue 3.7%, in line with our goal of approximately 4%.
148 Common Stock and • Our core operating margins increased 80 basis points compared to 2015, enabled by 
Shareholder Information our topline performance and productivity agenda, which has yielded approximately 
$1 billion in annual savings since 2012.
149 Corporate Information
• Even as we’re growing our organic topline and expanding our core operating 
margins, we’re also investing in the future of our company, increasing advertising and 
marketing as a percent of sales by 145 basis points over the past five years — 40 basis 
points over the past year alone. We’ve also increased our investment in research 
and development (R&D) by 45% since 2011, spending approximately $3.5 billion 
cumulatively on R&D over the past five years.
• Core constant currency earnings per share (EPS) grew 9% versus our initial goal of 6%. 
This growth includes the impact of deconsolidating Venezuela in 2015, which caused 
an approximately 2.5 percentage point drag on earnings. Excluding the impact of 
deconsolidating Venezuela, core constant currency EPS grew 12%.
Page#6
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 04
Transforming our Portfolio 
We continue to meet changing taste preferences by offering 
new products that appeal to health-conscious consumers and 
expanding our Everyday Nutrition business, unlocking new 
opportunities for topline growth.
Tropicana Essentials Probiotics Quaker “Bring Your Best Bowl”
Tropicana Essentials Probiotics, a 100% juice with one billion Quaker set out to find its next oatmeal flavor by inviting 
live and active cultures per serving, earned an “Innovation Americans to participate in the first-ever “Bring Your Best Bowl” 
of the Year” award from Beverage Industry magazine. The contest. Fans across the country helped celebrate the versatility 
brand was the first to bring probiotics to the mainstream of oats by submitting unique and creative recipe ideas. Quaker 
juice consumer. ran similar programs in China and India.
Sabra Spreads Simply Snacks from Frito-Lay
Sabra launched Sabra Spreads, a line of wholesome, refrig- Frito-Lay expanded its Simply lineup, offering great-tasting ver-
erated sandwich spreads with 75% less fat than the leading sions of classic snacks that appeal to changing consumer prefer-
mayonnaise brand. The launch continued the expansion of the ences. Simply Organic Tostitos chips are gluten free, non-GMO 
Sabra brand into new categories, which now include guaca- verified, made with sea salt, and have no artificial colors, flavors, 
mole, salsa and other dips. or preservatives.
Page#7
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 05
• Our disciplined capital allocation and 
prudent working capital management 
enabled us to improve core net return 
on invested capital 190 basis points 
to 21.5% and generate approximately 
$7.8 billion in free cash flow, excluding 
certain items, which substantially 
exceeds our goal of more than 
$7 billion.
• And we met our goal of returning 
approximately $7 billion in cash to 
shareholders through dividends 
and share repurchases. In fact, we 
increased our annualized dividend per 
share for the 45th consecutive year 
beginning with our June 2017 payment.
These are impressive accomplishments. 
And they build on the progress we’ve 
made over the 10 years I’ve had the honor 
We continued to expand our range of beverages, offering consumers a set of choices that are 
on- trend and well- positioned for future growth. 
of serving as Chairman and CEO of this 
great company. Looking back on the past 
decade, our annualized total shareholder 
return has been 8.2%, 130 basis points With increasing strains on natural resources, and the increasing importance govern-
ahead of the S&P 500. And our com- ments were placing on protecting our planet, we needed to transform our operations to 
pounded annual dividend growth has limit our environmental footprint.
been roughly 10%. In fact, we’ve returned And with Millennials entering the workforce in large numbers, we needed to trans-
almost $70 billion to you in the form of form our workplace and our culture to make sure we were meeting the evolving 
dividends and buybacks. expectations of a new generation of associates.
By nearly any measure, that’s a strong The urgency of responding to all these shifts — the necessity of navigating a series 
record of performance, especially dur- of demographic, environmental and societal trends that were challenging us like never 
ing a period of time that witnessed the before — is what gave rise to the approach all of us have come to know as “Performance 
2008 financial crisis and a number of with Purpose.” From the start, Performance with Purpose has been more than a slogan, 
other major challenges. And reflecting more than a single program. It has been an overarching vision — a governing philoso-
on the strength, the consistency, of that phy — guiding every aspect of our business.
performance today, I’m reminded of how At heart, it’s about building a healthier future for all our stakeholders. And that starts 
we achieved it. Part of the reason was with generating healthy financial returns for all of you, my fellow shareholders. But the 
our momentum when I took the helm. As a truth is, that’s just table stakes. Our challenge is to do more than simply deliver healthy 
result of able stewardship by generations returns. Our challenge is to deliver them consistently, sustainably, quarter after quarter, 
of associates — from the c- suite to the year after year. And the way we’ll continue doing that is by doing the same thing we’ve 
front line — we inherited a solid founda- been doing over the past ten years. And that means:
tion, along with a proud legacy, that we 
• Making healthier foods and beverages for our consumers;
could build on.
• Generating healthy growth for our retail and foodservice partners;
But from the beginning, it was also 
clear that if we wanted to make sure • Contributing to a healthier planet while boosting our bottom line;
our future was as bright as our past, we 
• Creating a healthy workplace and culture for our associates; and
needed to transform our company in a 
• Promoting healthier communities wherever we operate.
number of critical ways.
With changing consumer preferences, 
Together, these steps form a virtuous cycle that is powering our ongoing transformation 
reflecting a growing shift toward a healthier 
as a company, enabling us to do well by doing good, positioning us for success not 
lifestyle in the U.S. and around the world, 
only over the short run, but also over the long run, and securing our place as one of the 
we needed to transform our portfolio with 
defining corporations of the 21st century.
more nutritious options.
Page#8
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 06
No.1 
Contributor to U.S. 
Food & Beverage Retail 
Driving Retail Sales 
Sales Growth3
Cutting- edge consumer engagement 
programs once again made PepsiCo a 
powerful driver of food & beverage retail 
sales growth around the world. 
Clockwise: We launched a global campaign behind our UEFA Champions League 
partnership, involving our iconic brands Pepsi and Lay’s; Gatorade introduced the “Future 
of Sports Fuel,” showcasing breakthrough innovation that promises to change the way 
athletes hydrate and fuel; Sabra launched its “Unofficial Meal” campaign, inviting consumers 
to enjoy wholesome food together; and our PepsiMoji campaign spread across more than 
100 markets globally.
3. Source: IRI Total Store Advantage ILD, POS data ending 12/25/16, IRI Consulting analysis.
Page#9
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 07
Making healthier foods and beverages for 
our consumers
Our portfolio is wonderfully architected, offering 
consumers a wide range of options from treats to 
healthy eats, from beverages to snacks, from prod-
ucts that are right for the morning to products that 
are right throughout the day. But what’s uniform 
across our entire portfolio, what all of our products 
hold in common, is that they’re all great tasting. 
They’re all affordable. And they’re all convenient 
and ubiquitously available.
These are — and always have been — the defin-
We continue to tailor Quaker to local taste preferences and routines around the 
ing attributes of our portfolio. And that will never 
world — expanding the brand into new categories and enabling more consumers to add 
change. But as I noted above, we’ve also been whole grains to their diet.
transforming our company to meet the evolving 
needs of our consumers around the world, shift-
accounted for 12% of net revenue while our “Everyday Nutrition” products 
ing our portfolio toward a wider range of what we 
accounted for roughly 25% and our “Guilt-F ree” products comprised about 45% 
call “Everyday Nutrition” products (i.e., products 
of net revenue.
with nutrients like grains, fruits and vegetables, 
And yet, we also know our journey is far from complete. That’s why last 
or protein, plus those that are naturally nutritious 
October, as part of our Performance with Purpose 2025 agenda, we announced 
like water and unsweetened tea) and “Guilt- Free” 
we’re doubling down on increasing people’s access to healthier choices. With 
products (i.e., our “Everyday Nutrition” products 
new nutritional goals informed by the latest guidelines from the World Health 
plus beverages with 70 calories or less from added 
Organization and others, we plan to further reduce added sugar, sodium and 
sugar per 12-ounce serving, and snacks with low 
saturated fat levels, while growing our “Everyday Nutrition” brands faster than 
levels of sodium and saturated fat).
the balance of our portfolio.
That’s the transformation we’ve been pursu-
Generating healthy growth for our retail and foodservice partners
ing. And it has been enabled by a series of critical 
investments in R&D that are paving the way for As a result of all the steps we’re taking and all the investments we’re making 
new flavors and sweeteners, as well as ingredients to position ourselves for success over the long run — from anticipating trends 
and recipes. And we’re also investing in advanced that are reshaping our industry, to building a strong innovation pipeline, to 
manufacturing technologies like our proprietary transforming our portfolio to meet consumers’ nutritional needs — we’re deliv-
frying innovation that can reduce the amount of fat ering top- tier growth for our retail partners.
in a potato chip by 20%. In 2016, PepsiCo was once again the largest driver of growth for our food 
As a result of these and other investments, we’re and beverage retail partners in the U.S., contributing 18% of total food and 
making our treats with less added sugar, sodium beverage retail sales growth, more than the next 15 largest manufacturers 
and saturated fat, including rolling out new recipes combined. And we delivered a consistently high level of global performance 
of Mirinda and 7UP with 30% less sugar in more in a year marked by various macroeconomic headwinds across a number of 
than 80 markets. different markets.
We’re dialing up our “Guilt-F ree” portfolio, from We’re also powering our partners in a number of other ways: launching 
revamping our lineup of diet drinks with Pepsi Zero phenomenal global campaigns like PepsiMoji in more than 100 markets; 
Sugar to building on the success of Baked Lay’s helping create magical experiences, like our brand activations in the new 
with a new lineup of baked products. Shanghai Disney Resort; expanding our e- commerce capabilities; and 
And we’re expanding our portfolio of “Everyday sponsoring must- see events like the Pepsi Super Bowl 50 Halftime Show, the 
Nutrition” products. Over the past year, Naked third-most- watched broadcast in U.S. television history — a feat surpassed 
Juice, on its way to being our next billion- dollar by the 2017 Halftime Show, sponsored by Pepsi Zero Sugar, the most-watched 
brand, introduced Naked Cold Pressed. Tropicana musical event of all time across all platforms.
launched Tropicana Essentials Probiotics, becom- In fact, the strength of our customer relationships in the U.S. was reflected 
ing the first brand to bring probiotics to mainstream in Kantar Retail’s 2016 PoweRanking® survey, where our retail partners named 
juice consumers. And we also launched Quaker us the number- one, best- in-class manufacturer — the first time we’ve been 
Breakfast Flats, which we plan to roll out in more awarded that honor. And according to the Advantage Report™, retailers 
than a dozen countries over the next two years. ranked PepsiCo first overall among fast- moving consumer goods suppliers 
Simply put, when it comes to transforming in the following countries and categories: Russia (Food and Beverage), the 
our portfolio, we’re making considerable prog- UK (Food and Beverage), Poland (Food and Beverage), Romania (Food) and 
ress. In 2016, our beloved Pepsi- Cola trademark Thailand (Food). Further, PepsiCo was ranked by retailers in the Advantage 
Page#10
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 08
Report™ as one of the top three suppliers in five or reused 94% of our waste in our production facilities and removed roughly 
other countries. That’s an incredible achievement, 100 million pounds of packaging materials from the market compared with the 
and it should make all of us proud. previous year, yielding $25 million in savings.
In short, we’re doing an exceptional job deliver- The combination of these initiatives is enabling us to work constructively 
ing for our retail partners. But we cannot afford to with local communities in the U.S. and around the world, enhancing our 
get complacent. We’re facing a challenging land- reputation as a company that’s not only powering economic growth, but 
scape that’s continually being disrupted, as old doing so sustainably, while cutting costs along the way. In fact, by significantly 
players are dislodged and new entrants emerge. improving our water and energy efficiency, reducing packaging materials, and 
And the only way we’ll continue succeeding is by cutting waste around the world, we’ve saved more than $600 million since 2011.
forging even stronger relationships, collaborating So, I’m proud of all we’ve achieved. But we have lots more work to do. That’s 
even more closely, with our partners — from retail why, as part of our Performance with Purpose 2025 agenda, we’re setting 
to foodservice to e- commerce — driving growth in broader goals that will further limit our environmental footprint across the 
2017 and beyond. value chain — from a product’s source to its disposal to its reuse — helping us 
deliver strong returns and sustainable growth year after year, advancing the 
Contributing to a healthier planet while 
interests of our planet and our shareholders alike.
boosting our bottom line
Creating a healthy workplace and culture for our associates
Over the past decade, one of the central planks of 
Performance with Purpose has been protecting our The extraordinary men and women who make up this company are — and 
planet and conserving natural resources. And we’re always have been — our most valuable asset. They are the reason we have 
continuing to advance those efforts in a number of long been viewed as an “academy company” that grooms the next generation 
ways — from responsibly managing water use to of talent across our industry. And we’re committed to ensuring that we remain 
shrinking our carbon footprint across our supply a place where the best and brightest come, not only to earn a living, but to 
chain to reducing our waste and packaging materi- build a life, by fostering a healthy workplace and culture.
als — not only because it’s the right thing to do, but That’s what we continued to do in 2016 — from expanding paid family 
because it’s the smart thing to do for our business. leave, to designing an on- site daycare that we plan to open at our Purchase 
When it comes to responsibly managing water head quarters in 2017, to expanding our flexible work arrangements. We also 
use, we’ve been making meaningful progress. In continued to enhance our learning and development programs to make sure our 
India, PepsiCo has developed and deployed a associates are ready to overcome the challenges and seize the opportunities 
direct seeding machine for rice farmers, enabling they’ll face in the months and years ahead. And we’re also committed to building 
growers to improve water efficiency by an aver- a workplace that’s diverse and inclusive — from making sure women and men 
age of roughly 30%. That accomplishment is part are represented equally in management roles, to providing working caregivers 
of a global water stewardship strategy that also with the support they need to meet their responsibilities at work and at home.
improved water use efficiency by more than 25% Of course, our workplace and culture are more than the product of corpo-
across our production locations around the world rate policies. They are also a reflection of our values. And at PepsiCo, we are 
from 2006 to 2015, surpassing our goal of 20% and guided by a number of values, from holding ourselves to the highest stan-
saving roughly $80 million over five years. dards of excellence, to speaking with truth and candor at all times, to selling 
When it comes to energy efficiency, we’re only those products we can proudly stand behind, to walking a mile in one 
reducing our carbon emissions through the use of another’s shoes, no matter what we look like, where we come from, what faith 
renewable energy — a reduction that builds on our we practice, or who we love.
strong record of progress around the world from These values have always been our North Star. They are the reason we’re 
2006 to 2015, when we improved energy efficiency consistently ranked one of the most ethical companies in the Fortune 500. And 
in our legacy operations by nearly 18%, delivering they are the reason I’m so confident the investment you’ve made in PepsiCo 
more than $96 million in estimated savings along will not only continue to be a source of financial success — it will continue to be 
the way. a source of pride.
And when it comes to recycling, packaging and 
Promoting healthier communities wherever we operate
waste, we’re making progress as well, adding to our 
While all of us know PepsiCo as a global corporation with a presence in more 
record of achievement in 2015 when we recycled 
than 200 countries and territories around the world — more than the member-
ship of the United Nations — we’re also members of every local community 
where we do business. The reason is simple: The products we make are often 
sourced locally. The consumers who buy them live locally, and that’s where the 
men and women who work here return to their families every night.
For all of these reasons, we have a stake in the local communities we serve. 
And over the past year, we’ve been working hard to meet our responsibilities 
to them. Of course, part of the way we contribute to our communities is by 
Page#11
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 09
Driving Our Business Forward 
Innovative new product launches, exciting new partnerships, breakthrough 
new platforms and a powerful brand portfolio — each underpinned by 
strong execution by PepsiCo associates around the world — helped drive our 
performance while positioning PepsiCo well for the future. Here are just a few 
of the many accomplishments from the past year.
  
Thirst Inspiration Welcome to Shanghai, Disney!
PepsiCo unveiled LIFEWTR, a new premium bottled water Last June, PepsiCo returned to Disney for the first time in nearly 
featuring captivating labels designed by some of the boldest three decades with the grand opening of Shanghai Disney 
and most transformative artists of today. One of the first bottles Resort. PepsiCo and its China beverage partner, Tingyi, have 
in the series, rolling out in early 2017, is designed by Craig & a strategic alliance with Shanghai Disney Resort to help create 
Karl, a transatlantic duo who collaborates to create bold work magical experiences through co-branding exposure, unique 
communicating simple messages in thoughtful and humorous marketing activities and relevant product innovation. 
ways. Craig & Karl also designed the cover of this report. 
The Future of Convenience, Today CSD Recipes for Success
PepsiCo continued to roll out Hello Goodness, an innovative The next generation of carbonated soft drinks is upon 
snack and beverage vending platform catering to health- us, highlighted by a series of successful new launches. As 
conscious consumers on the go. The machines feature a effervescent as ever, beverages like Mountain Dew Kickstart, 
thoughtfully chosen selection of food and beverage products Pepsi Zero Sugar, 7UP and our new line of bottled Stubborn Soda 
that meet specific nutrition criteria. More than 20,000 Hello deliver great taste at 100 calories or less per 12-ounce serving. 
Goodness units rolled out across the country in 2016. Meanwhile, premium craft products like 1893 and Caleb’s Kola 
are driving renewed interest in the cola category.
Page#12
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 10
Performance with 
Purpose 2025 Agenda
In 2016, we announced new Performance 
with Purpose goals for the next decade. By 
continuously improving the products we sell, 
protecting our planet, and empowering people 
and communities around the world, we believe 
we can create conditions that enable our 
business and society to thrive. 
provide access to
>
<
3B
100
servings of nutritious foods and calories from added sugars per 12-oz. 
beverages for underserved communities serving in at least 2/3 of our global 
and consumers beverage portfolio volume
>
20% 15%
reduction in absolute GHG emissions improvement in water- use efficiency 
among our direct agricultural suppliers 
across our value chain by 2030
in high- water-risk sourcing areas
>
12.5M 7M
women and girls to benefit from $100 million acres to be covered by our Sustainable Farming 
in investments Initiative, to advance respect for workers’ human 
rights, improve growers’ livelihoods and yields, 
and increase sustainable agricultural practices
Except as otherwise noted, all goals are set for 2025 and detailed in our 2015 Sustainability Report and Global Reporting Initiative Report, which are available at www.pepsico.com.
Page#13
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 11
creating well- paying jobs, along with the promise of long, 
successful careers, for hardworking men and women 
from a variety of backgrounds, including not just MBAs 
and scientists, but also truck drivers, farmers and factory 
workers with all kinds of skills.
But we’re also doing our part to be a good neighbor in 
a number of other ways, from PepsiCo Gives Back, a day 
of service when hundreds of associates volunteered in the 
New York City area, to our efforts supporting the people 
of Flint, Michigan in the wake of the water crisis. Working 
with civic leaders and other partners, we donated roughly 
6.5 million bottles of water and opened help centers 
where Flint residents could get everything from lead 
mitigating foods, to mental and physical health services, 
to personal care items and other essentials. PepsiCo and the MyShelter Foundation continue to expand Liter of Light, an 
innovative program that uses recycled bottles to create home and street lamps 
That same spirit, that same commitment to being 
requiring no electricity.
good neighbors, was felt around the world over the 
past year — from Mexico, where Quaker launched a 
Together, we’re part of a growing movement — a movement of not 
PeanOat malnutrition prevention trial with more than 
only business leaders but also elected leaders, investors, employees, 
1,000 low- income children, to the UK, where we are sup-
NGOs, and scholars — that is redefining what it means to be a success-
porting Magic Breakfast, a charity offering more than 
ful corporation. We’re rewriting the rules of capitalism in a way that 
30,000 children a healthy start to their day, to Pakistan, 
emphasizes a broader perspective, an intergenerational approach — 
where we tripled the number of girls benefiting from our 
an approach that’s focused on succeeding not just from one quarter to 
 “I am PepsiCo” mentoring and scholarship program.
another, but one year to another, one decade to another; an approach 
Of course, we cannot and should not try to solve all 
that’s not only aimed at delivering a superior level of performance, but 
of the world’s problems. But we also know we can make 
guided by a deep sense of purpose.
a difference. And by doing so, we are not only fostering 
That kind of more expansive approach, that kind of more holistic per-
the kind of widespread public support upon which the 
spective reminds me of a passage by the renowned Vietnamese monk 
success of our company — like any consumer goods 
Thich Nhat Hanh. Hanh is describing everything that goes into making 
company — depends, we are also lending a hand to 
a piece of paper. If we look really hard into a piece of paper, he writes, 
people who need it, meeting our responsibilities as fellow 
we can see a cloud floating in it. Because without clouds, there can be 
citizens of the countries we call home.
no rain. And without rain, there can be no trees. And without trees, there 
A healthy future for all our stakeholders
can be no paper.
At a time when people around the world are questioning 
And if we look even harder into that piece of paper, he continues, we 
the role of capitalism, asking tough questions about the 
can see the logger who cut down the tree and brought it to the mill. The 
relationship between companies and the societies where 
fields of wheat that yield his daily bread. And the family and community 
they operate, we’ve been offering an answer for 10 years, 
that support him. Because without all these things, a single piece of 
standing as a model for others to follow.
paper cannot exist.
Our approach is rooted in a few simple beliefs: We don’t 
Thich Nhat Hanh may have been writing about a piece of paper. But 
just want to change the way we spend money. We want 
that same lesson applies to a bottle of Gatorade, a bowl of Quaker Oats, 
to change the way we make it. We don’t just want to be a 
a glass of Tropicana, or anything made by human hands and human 
great company. We want to be a good company. We don’t 
ingenuity. And I’m confident that so long as we continue embracing that 
just want to succeed over the short term. We also want to 
perspective in our business — wholeheartedly and unwaveringly — we’ll 
succeed over the long term. continue delivering healthy financial returns for our shareholders, and 
That’s the approach we’ve been following for a decade. building a healthier future for all our stakeholders, not only in 2017, but 
That’s the approach we’ll continue following over the 
for many years to come.
coming decade with our Performance with Purpose 2025 
 
Indra K. Nooyi
agenda. And that’s the approach an increasing number 
PepsiCo Chairman of the 
of other companies in the U.S. and around the world are Board of Directors and 
Chief Executive Officer
embracing as well.
Page#14
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 12
2016 Financial Highlights
Mix of Net Revenue Net Revenues
North America Beverages 34%
Latin America 11%
Food 52%
Asia, Middle East & North Africa 10%
Beverage 48%
Quaker Foods North America 4%
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa 16%
Frito-Lay North America 25%
Division Operating Profit
U.S. 58%
North America Beverages 27%
Outside U.S. 42%
Latin America 8%
Asia, Middle East & North Africa 6%
Quaker Foods North America 6%
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa 10%
Frito-Lay North America 43%
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
(in millions except per share data; all per share amounts assume dilution)
Summary of Operations 2016 2015 % Chg (a)
Net revenue $62,799 $63,056 —%
Core total operating profit (b) $ 10,393 $ 9,937 5%
Reported earnings per share $  4.36 $  3.67 19%
Core earnings per share attributable to PepsiCo (c) $  4.85 $  4.57 6%
Free cash flow, excluding certain items (d) $ 7,786 $  8,128 −4%
Capital spending $ 3,040 $ 2,758 10%
Common share repurchases $ 3,000 $ 5,000 –40%
Dividends paid $ 4,227 $ 4,040 5%
(a) Percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts.
(b) Excludes the net mark-to-market impact of our commodity hedges, restructuring and impairment charges, charges related to the transaction with Tingyi and pension-related settlements 
in both years. In 2015, also excludes Venezuela impairment charges. See page 146 “Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information” for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable 
financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
(c) Excludes the net mark-to-market impact of our commodity hedges, restructuring and impairment charges, charges related to the transaction with Tingyi and pension-related 
settlements in both years as well as a charge related to debt redemption in 2016. In 2015, also excludes Venezuela impairment charges and a non-cash tax benefit. See page 56 “Results 
of Operations — Consolidated Review — Other Consolidated Results” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and page 146 “Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information” for a 
reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
(d) Includes the impact of net capital spending, and excludes payments related to restructuring charges and the associated net cash tax benefits in both years. In 2016, also excludes net cash 
received related to interest rate swaps and net cash tax benefit related to debt redemption charge, as well as discretionary pension contributions and associated net cash tax benefits. In 
2015, also excludes pension-related settlements and associated net cash tax benefits. See pages 73–74 “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and 
page 146 “Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information” for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
Page#15
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 13
PepsiCo Board of Directors
Shown in photo, left to right:
Cesar Conde George W. Buckley Alberto Weisser Indra K. Nooyi Daniel Vasella, MD
Chairman, NBCUniversal Former Chairman, Former Chairman and Chairman of the Board Former Chairman and 
International Group President and Chief Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Executive Chief Executive Officer, 
and NBCUniversal Executive Officer, Bunge Limited Officer, PepsiCo Novartis AG
Telemundo Enterprises 3M Company  61. Elected 2011. 61. Elected 2001. 63. Elected 2002.
43. Elected 2016. 70. Elected 2012.
Dina Dublon David C. Page, MD
Not pictured (not standing 
Robert C. Pohlad Darren Walker Former Executive Vice Director and President, for re-election and retiring 
at PepsiCo’s 2017 Annual 
President, Dakota President, President and Chief Whitehead Institute for 
Meeting of Shareholders):
Holdings, LLC Ford Foundation Financial Officer, Biomedical Research; 
62. Elected 2015. 57. Elected 2016. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Professor, Massachusetts 
Lloyd G. Trotter
63. Elected 2005. Institute of Technology
Managing Partner, 
Richard W. Fisher Shona L. Brown 60. Elected 2014.
GenNx360 
Former President and Former Senior Advisor,  Ian M. Cook
Capital Partners
Chief Executive Officer, Google Inc. Chairman, President and William R. Johnson
71. Elected 2008.
Federal Reserve  51. Elected 2009. Chief Executive Officer, Operating Partner, 
Bank of Dallas Colgate-Palmolive Global Retail and 
67. Elected 2015. Company Consumer, Advent 
64. Elected 2008. International 
Rona A. Fairhead Corporation; Former 
Chairman, BBC Trust Chairman, President and 
55. Elected 2014. Chief Executive Officer, 
H.J. Heinz Company
68. Elected 2015.
Page#16
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 14
PepsiCo Leadership
Shown in photo, left to right:
Jim Andrew Vivek Sankaran Ramon Laguarta Hugh F. Johnston Ruth Fattori
Senior Vice President, President and Chief Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chairman, Senior Vice President, 
Corporate Strategy and Operating Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Executive Vice Talent Management, 
Chief Venturing Officer Frito-Lay North Africa President and Chief Training and 
America Financial Officer Development
Eugene Willemsen Sanjeev Chadha
Executive Vice Tony West Chief Executive Officer, Laxman Narasimhan Jon Banner
President, Global Executive Vice Asia, Middle East and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice 
Categories & Franchise President, Government North Africa Latin America President, 
Management Affairs, General Communications
Counsel and Corporate Indra K. Nooyi Dr. Mehmood Khan
Cynthia M. Trudell Secretary Chairman of the Board Vice Chairman, Brian Newman
Executive Vice and Chief Executive Executive Vice Executive Vice 
President, Human Kirk Tanner Officer President and Chief President, 
Resources and Chief President and Chief Scientific Officer, Global Operations
Human Resources Operating Officer, Albert P. Carey Global Research and 
Officer North America Chief Executive Officer,  Development
Beverages North America
See pages 29–32 of the Form 10-K for a list of PepsiCo Executive Officers subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Page#17
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 15
PepsiCo, Inc.
Annual Report 2016
on Form 10-K
For the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2016
Page#18
page intentionally left blank
Page#19
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
FORM 10-K
FORM 10-K
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 
Commission file number 1-1183
Commission file number 1-1183
PepsiCo, Inc.
PepsiCo, Inc.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
North Carolina 13-1584302
North Carolina 13-1584302
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
700 Anderson Hill Road, Purchase, New York 10577 
700 Anderson Hill Road, Purchase, New York 10577 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 914-253-2000
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 914-253-2000
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
Title of each class  Name of each exchange on which registered
Title of each class  Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value 1-2/3 cents per share  New York and Chicago Stock Exchanges
Common Stock, par value 1-2/3 cents per share  New York and Chicago Stock Exchanges
2.500% Senior Notes Due 2022 New York Stock Exchange
2.500% Senior Notes Due 2022 New York Stock Exchange
1.750% Senior Notes Due 2021 New York Stock Exchange
1.750% Senior Notes Due 2021 New York Stock Exchange
2.625% Senior Notes Due 2026 New York Stock Exchange
2.625% Senior Notes Due 2026 New York Stock Exchange
0.875% Senior Notes due 2028 New York Stock Exchange
0.875% Senior Notes due 2028 New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: None
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has 
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has 
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  No 
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive 
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  No 
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  No 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained 
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by 
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by 
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting 
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the 
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the 
Exchange Act. 
Exchange Act. 
Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  No  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  No  
The aggregate market value of PepsiCo, Inc. Common Stock held by nonaffiliates of PepsiCo, Inc. (assuming for these purposes, but 
The aggregate market value of PepsiCo, Inc. Common Stock held by nonaffiliates of PepsiCo, Inc. (assuming for these purposes, but 
without conceding, that all executive officers and directors of PepsiCo, Inc. are affiliates of PepsiCo, Inc.) as of June 10, 2016, the last 
without conceding, that all executive officers and directors of PepsiCo, Inc. are affiliates of PepsiCo, Inc.) as of June 10, 2016, the last 
day of business of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $148.7 billion (based on the closing sale price of PepsiCo, 
day of business of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $148.7 billion (based on the closing sale price of PepsiCo, 
Inc.’s Common Stock on that date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange). 
Inc.T’sa bCloe mofm Coonn Stetonctsk on that date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange). 
The number of shares of PepsiCo, Inc. Common Stock outstanding as of February 7, 2017 was 1,427,214,232. 
The number of shares of PepsiCo, Inc. Common Stock outstanding as of February 7, 2017 was 1,427,214,232. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Portions of the Proxy Statement relating to PepsiCo, Inc.’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into 
Part III of this Form 10-K.
Page#20
Table of Contents
PepsiCo, Inc.
Form 10-K Annual Report
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2016 
Table of Contents
PART I
Item 1. Business 2
Item 1A. Risk Factors 10
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27
Item 2. Properties 28
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 29
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and 
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 33
Item 6. Selected Financial Data 36
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 41
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 131
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 131
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 131
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 131
Item 9B. Other Information 132
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 132
Item 11. Executive Compensation 132
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 
Stockholder Matters 132
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 133
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 133
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 134
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 135
1
Page#21
Table of Contents
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements reflecting our views about our future performance 
that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995 (Reform Act). Statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the 
Reform Act are generally identified through the inclusion of words such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” 
“drive,” “estimate,” “expect,” “expressed confidence,” “forecast,” “future,” “goal,” “guidance,” 
“intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “position,” “potential,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” 
“strategy,” “target,” “will” or similar statements or variations of such words and other similar expressions. 
All statements addressing our future operating performance, and statements addressing events and 
developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, are forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of the Reform Act. These forward-looking statements are based on currently available information, 
operating plans and projections about future events and trends. They inherently involve risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in any such forward-looking statement. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and 
“Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Our 
Business – Our Business Risks.” Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-
looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The discussion 
of risks below and elsewhere in this report is by no means all-inclusive but is designed to highlight what we 
believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our future performance.
PART I
Item 1. Business.
When used in this report, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “PepsiCo” and the “Company” mean PepsiCo, Inc. 
and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. Certain terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are 
defined in the Glossary included in Item 7. of this report.
Company Overview
We were incorporated in Delaware in 1919 and reincorporated in North Carolina in 1986. We are a leading 
global food and beverage company with a complementary portfolio of enjoyable brands, including Frito-
Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. Through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract 
manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety of convenient and 
enjoyable beverages, foods and snacks, serving customers and consumers in more than 200 countries and 
territories. 
Our Operations
We are organized into six reportable segments (also referred to as divisions), as follows:
1) Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), which includes our branded food and snack businesses in the 
United States and Canada;
2) Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), which includes our cereal, rice, pasta and other branded food 
businesses in the United States and Canada;
3) North America Beverages (NAB), which includes our beverage businesses in the United States and 
Canada;
4) Latin America, which includes all of our beverage, food and snack businesses in Latin America;
5) Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), which includes all of our beverage, food and snack businesses 
in Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa; and
2
Page#22
Table of Contents
6) Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA), which includes all of our beverage, food and snack 
businesses in Asia, Middle East and North Africa.
Our segment net revenue (in millions) and contributions to consolidated net revenue for each of the last three 
fiscal years were as follows:
 Net Revenue % of Total Net Revenue
(a)
 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014
FLNA $ 15,549 $ 14,782 $ 14,502 25% 23% 22%
QFNA 2,564 2,543 2,568 4 4 4
NAB 21,312 20,618 20,171 34 33 30
Latin America 6,820 8,228 9,425 11 13 14
ESSA 10,216 10,510 13,399 16 17 20
AMENA 6,338 6,375 6,618 10 10 10
$ 62,799 $ 63,056 $ 66,683 100% 100% 100%
rd rd 
(a) Our fiscal 2016 results include an extra week of results (53 reporting week). The 53 reporting week increased 2016 net revenue by $657 
million, including $294 million in our FLNA segment, $43 million in our QFNA segment, $300 million in our NAB segment and $20 
million in our ESSA segment.
See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our divisions and 
geographic areas. See also “Item 1A. Risk Factors” below for a discussion of certain risks associated with 
our operations, including outside the United States.
Frito-Lay North America
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, FLNA makes, markets, distributes and sells branded 
snack foods. These foods include Lay’s potato chips, Doritos tortilla chips, Cheetos cheese-flavored snacks, 
Tostitos tortilla chips, branded dips, Fritos corn chips, Ruffles potato chips and Santitas tortilla chips. FLNA’s 
branded products are sold to independent distributors and retailers. In addition, FLNA’s joint venture with 
Strauss Group makes, markets, distributes and sells Sabra refrigerated dips and spreads. 
Quaker Foods North America
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, QFNA makes, markets, distributes and sells cereals, 
rice, pasta and other branded products. QFNA’s products include Quaker oatmeal, Aunt Jemima mixes and 
syrups, Quaker Chewy granola bars, Cap’n Crunch cereal, Quaker grits, Life cereal, Rice-A-Roni side dishes, 
Quaker rice cakes, Quaker simply granola and Quaker oat squares. These branded products are sold to 
independent distributors and retailers.
North America Beverages
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, NAB makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage 
concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including Pepsi, Gatorade, 
Mountain Dew, Aquafina, Diet Pepsi, Diet Mountain Dew, Tropicana Pure Premium, Mist Twst and Mug. 
NAB also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets and sells ready-to-drink 
tea and coffee products through joint ventures with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name) and Starbucks, 
respectively. Further, NAB manufactures and distributes certain brands licensed from Dr Pepper Snapple 
Group, Inc. (DPSG), including Dr Pepper, Crush and Schweppes, and certain juice brands licensed from 
Dole Food Company, Inc. (Dole) and Ocean Spray Cranberries, Inc. (Ocean Spray). NAB operates its own 
bottling plants and distribution facilities and sells branded finished goods directly to independent distributors 
and retailers. NAB also sells concentrate and finished goods for our brands to authorized and independent 
bottlers, who in turn sell our branded finished goods to independent distributors and retailers in certain 
markets.
3
Page#23
Table of Contents
Latin America 
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, Latin America makes, markets, distributes and sells 
a number of snack food brands including Doritos, Cheetos, Marias Gamesa, Lay’s, Ruffles, Emperador, 
Saladitas, Rosquinhas Mabel, Sabritas and Tostitos, as well as many Quaker-branded cereals and snacks. 
Latin America also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and 
sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including 
Pepsi, 7UP, Gatorade, Toddy, Mirinda, Manzanita Sol, H2oh! and Diet Pepsi. These branded products are 
sold to authorized bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. Latin America also, either independently 
or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets and sells ready-to-drink tea through an international joint 
venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for information about the deconsolidation of our 
Venezuelan subsidiaries, which was effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015.
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, ESSA makes, markets, distributes and sells a number 
of leading snack food brands including Lay’s, Walkers, Doritos, Cheetos and Ruffles, as well as many Quaker-
branded cereals and snacks, through consolidated businesses as well as through noncontrolled affiliates. 
ESSA also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells 
beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including Pepsi, 
Pepsi Max, 7UP, Mirinda, Diet Pepsi and Tropicana. These branded products are sold to authorized bottlers, 
independent distributors and retailers. In certain markets, however, ESSA operates its own bottling plants 
and distribution facilities. ESSA also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets 
and sells ready-to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton 
brand name). In addition, ESSA makes, markets, sells and distributes a number of leading dairy products 
including Chudo, Agusha and Domik v Derevne.
Asia, Middle East and North Africa
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, AMENA makes, markets, distributes and sells a 
number of leading snack food brands including Lay’s, Kurkure, Chipsy, Cheetos, Doritos and Crunchy 
through consolidated businesses, as well as through noncontrolled affiliates. Further, either independently 
or in conjunction with third parties, AMENA makes, markets, distributes and sells many Quaker-branded 
cereals and snacks. AMENA also makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups 
and finished goods under various beverage brands including Pepsi, Mirinda, 7UP, Aquafina, Mountain Dew, 
and Tropicana. These branded products are sold to authorized bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. 
In certain markets, however, AMENA operates its own bottling plants and distribution facilities. AMENA 
also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-
to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name). 
Further, we license the Tropicana brand for use in China on co-branded juice products in connection with a 
strategic alliance with Tingyi (Cayman Islands) Holding Corp. (Tingyi).
Our Distribution Network
Our products are brought to market through direct-store-delivery (DSD), customer warehouse and distributor 
networks. The distribution system used depends on customer needs, product characteristics and local trade 
practices.
Direct-Store-Delivery
We, our independent bottlers and our distributors operate DSD systems that deliver beverages, foods and 
snacks directly to retail stores where the products are merchandised by our employees or our independent 
4
Page#24
Table of Contents
bottlers. DSD enables us to merchandise with maximum visibility and appeal. DSD is especially well-suited 
to products that are restocked often and respond to in-store promotion and merchandising.
Customer Warehouse
Some of our products are delivered from our manufacturing plants and warehouses to customer warehouses. 
These less costly systems generally work best for products that are less fragile and perishable, and have lower 
turnover.
Distributor Networks
We distribute many of our products through third-party distributors. Third-party distributors are particularly 
effective when greater distribution reach can be achieved by including a wide range of products on the 
delivery vehicles. For example, our foodservice and vending business distributes beverages, foods and snacks 
to restaurants, businesses, schools and stadiums through third-party foodservice and vending distributors and 
operators.
Ingredients and Other Supplies
The principal ingredients we use in our beverage, food and snack products are apple, orange and pineapple 
juice and other juice concentrates, aspartame, corn, corn sweeteners, flavorings, flour, grapefruit, oranges 
and other fruits, oats, potatoes, raw milk, rice, seasonings, sucralose, sugar, vegetable and essential oils, and 
wheat. We also use water in the manufacturing of our products. Our key packaging materials include plastic 
resins, including polyethylene terephthalate (PET) and polypropylene resins used for plastic beverage bottles 
and film packaging used for snack foods, aluminum used for cans, glass bottles, closures, cardboard and 
paperboard cartons. Fuel, electricity and natural gas are also important commodities for our business due to 
their use in our and our business partners’ facilities and the vehicles delivering our products. We employ 
specialists to secure adequate supplies of many of these items and have not experienced any significant 
continuous shortages that would prevent us from meeting our requirements. Many of these ingredients, raw 
materials and commodities are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject 
to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing 
agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. In addition, risk to our supply of certain 
raw materials is mitigated through purchases from multiple geographies and suppliers. When prices increase, 
we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers. In addition, we continue to make investments 
to improve the sustainability and resources of our agricultural supply chain, including by developing our 
initiative to advance sustainable farming practices by our suppliers and expanding it globally. See Note 9 to 
our consolidated financial statements for additional information on how we manage our exposure to 
commodity costs.
Our Brands and Intellectual Property Rights
We own numerous valuable trademarks which are essential to our worldwide businesses, including Agusha, 
Amp Energy, Aquafina, Aquafina Flavorsplash, Aunt Jemima, Cap’n Crunch, Cheetos, Chester’s, Chipsy, 
Chokis, Chudo, Cracker Jack, Crunchy, Diet Mist Twst, Diet Mountain Dew, Diet Mug, Diet Pepsi, Diet 7UP 
(outside the United States), Domik v Derevne, Doritos, Duyvis, Elma Chips, Emperador, Frito-Lay, Fritos, 
Fruktovy Sad, Frustyle, G Series, G2, Gatorade, Grandma’s, H2oh!, Imunele, Izze, J-7 Tonus, Kas, KeVita, 
Kurkure, Lay’s, Life, Lifewtr, Lifewater, Lubimy, Manzanita Sol, Marias Gamesa, Matutano, Mirinda, 
Miss Vickie’s, Mist Twst, Mother’s, Mountain Dew, Mountain Dew Code Red, Mountain Dew Kickstart, 
Mug, Munchies, Naked, Near East, O.N.E., Paso de los Toros, Pasta Roni, Pepsi, Pepsi Max, Pepsi Next, 
Pepsi Zero Sugar, Propel, Quaker, Quaker Chewy, Rice-A-Roni, Rold Gold, Rosquinhas Mabel, Ruffles, 
Sabritas, Sakata, Saladitas, Sandora, Santitas, 7UP (outside the United States), 7UP Free (outside the United 
States), Simba, Smartfood, Smith’s, Snack a Jacks, SoBe, SoBe Lifewater, Sonric’s, Stacy’s, Sting, SunChips, 
Toddy, Toddynho, Tostitos, Trop 50, Tropicana, Tropicana Farmstand, Tropicana Pure Premium, Tropicana 
5
Page#25
Table of Contents
Twister, V Water, Vesely Molochnik, Walkers and Ya. We also hold long-term licenses to use valuable 
trademarks in connection with our products in certain markets, including Dole and Ocean Spray. We also 
distribute Rockstar Energy drinks, Muscle Milk protein shakes and various DPSG brands, including Dr 
Pepper in certain markets, Crush and Schweppes. Joint ventures in which we have an ownership interest 
either own or have the right to use certain trademarks, such as Lipton, Sabra and Starbucks. Trademarks 
remain valid so long as they are used properly for identification purposes, and we emphasize correct use of 
our trademarks. We have authorized, through licensing arrangements, the use of many of our trademarks in 
such contexts as snack food joint ventures and beverage bottling appointments. In addition, we license the 
use of our trademarks on merchandise that is sold at retail, which enhances brand awareness. 
We either own or have licenses to use a number of patents which relate to certain of our products, their 
packaging, the processes for their production and the design and operation of various equipment used in our 
businesses. Some of these patents are licensed to others.
Seasonality
Our businesses are affected by seasonal variations. For instance, our beverage sales are higher during the 
warmer months and certain food and dairy sales are higher in the cooler months. Weekly beverage and snack 
sales are generally highest in the third quarter due to seasonal and holiday-related patterns, and generally 
lowest in the first quarter. However, taken as a whole, seasonality has not had a material impact on our 
consolidated financial results.
Our Customers
Our customers include wholesale and other distributors, foodservice customers, grocery stores, drug stores, 
convenience stores, discount/dollar stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, e-commerce retailers 
and authorized independent bottlers, among others. We normally grant our independent bottlers exclusive 
contracts to sell and manufacture certain beverage products bearing our trademarks within a specific 
geographic area. These arrangements provide us with the right to charge our independent bottlers for 
concentrate, finished goods and Aquafina royalties and specify the manufacturing process required for product 
quality. We also grant distribution rights to our independent bottlers for certain beverage products bearing 
our trademarks for specified geographic areas.
We rely on and provide financial incentives to our customers to assist in the distribution and promotion of 
our products to the consumer. For our independent distributors and retailers, these incentives include volume-
based rebates, product placement fees, promotions and displays. For our independent bottlers, these incentives 
are referred to as bottler funding and are negotiated annually with each bottler to support a variety of trade 
and consumer programs, such as consumer incentives, advertising support, new product support, and vending 
and cooler equipment placement. Consumer incentives include coupons, pricing discounts and promotions, 
and other promotional offers. Advertising support is directed at advertising programs and supporting 
independent bottler media. New product support includes targeted consumer and retailer incentives and direct 
marketplace support, such as point-of-purchase materials, product placement fees, media and advertising. 
Vending and cooler equipment placement programs support the acquisition and placement of vending 
machines and cooler equipment. The nature and type of programs vary annually.
Changes to the retail landscape, including increased consolidation of retail ownership, and the current 
economic environment continue to increase the importance of major customers. In 2016, sales to Wal-Mart 
Stores, Inc. (Wal-Mart), including Sam’s Club (Sam’s), represented approximately 13% of our total net 
revenue. Our top five retail customers represented approximately 32% of our 2016 net revenue in North 
America, with Wal-Mart (including Sam’s) representing approximately 18%. These percentages include 
concentrate sales to our independent bottlers, which were used in finished goods sold by them to these 
retailers.
6
Page#26
Table of Contents
See “Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements” in “Our Financial Results – Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” 
in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more 
information on our independent bottlers.
Our Competition
Our beverage, food and snack products are in highly competitive categories and markets and compete against 
products of international beverage, food and snack companies that, like us, operate in multiple geographies, 
as well as regional, local and private label manufacturers, economy brands and other competitors. In many 
countries in which our products are sold, including the United States, The Coca-Cola Company is our primary 
beverage competitor. Other beverage, food and snack competitors include, but are not limited to, DPSG, 
Kellogg Company, The Kraft Heinz Company, International, Inc., Monster Beverage Corporation, 
Nestlé S.A., Red Bull GmbH and Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.
Many of our food and snack products hold significant leadership positions in the food and snack industry in 
the United States and worldwide. In 2016, we and The Coca-Cola Company represented approximately 24% 
and 20%, respectively, of the U.S. liquid refreshment beverage category by estimated retail sales in measured 
channels, according to Information Resources, Inc. However, The Coca-Cola Company has significant 
carbonated soft drink (CSD) share advantage in many markets outside the United States.
Our beverage, food and snack products compete primarily on the basis of brand recognition and loyalty, 
taste, price, value, quality, product variety, innovation, distribution, advertising, marketing and promotional 
activity, packaging, convenience, service and the ability to anticipate and effectively respond to consumer 
preferences and trends, including increased consumer focus on health and wellness. Success in this 
competitive environment is dependent on effective promotion of existing products, effective introduction of 
new products and the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, marketing programs, product packaging, 
pricing, increased efficiency in production techniques, new vending and dispensing equipment and brand 
and trademark development and protection. We believe that the strength of our brands, innovation and 
marketing, coupled with the quality of our products and flexibility of our distribution network, allows us to 
compete effectively.
Research and Development
We engage in a variety of research and development activities and invest in innovation globally with the goal 
of meeting changing consumer demands and preferences and accelerating sustainable growth. These activities 
principally involve: development of new ingredients, flavors and products; reformulation and improvement 
in the quality and appeal of existing products; improvement and modernization of manufacturing processes, 
including cost reduction; improvements in product quality, safety and integrity; development of, and 
improvements in, dispensing equipment, packaging technology, package design and portion sizes; efforts 
focused on identifying opportunities to transform, grow and broaden our product portfolio, including by 
developing products with improved nutrition profiles that reduce sodium, saturated fat or added sugars, 
including through the use of sweetener alternatives and flavor modifiers and innovation in existing sweeteners, 
and by offering more products with positive nutrition including whole grains, fruits and vegetables, dairy, 
protein and hydration; and improvements in energy efficiency and efforts focused on reducing our impact 
on the environment. Our research centers are located around the world, including in Brazil, China, India, 
Mexico, Russia, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and the United States, and leverage nutrition 
science, food science, engineering and consumer insights to meet our strategy to continue to develop nutritious 
and convenient beverages, foods and snacks. 
In 2016, we continued to refine our beverage, food and snack portfolio to meet changing consumer demands 
by reducing added sugars in many of our beverages and saturated fat and sodium in many of our foods and 
snacks, and by developing a broader portfolio of product choices, including: continuing to expand our 
7
Page#27
Table of Contents
beverage options that contain no high-fructose corn syrup and that are made with natural flavors; launching 
a state-of-the-art food and beverage healthy vending initiative to increase the availability of convenient, 
affordable and enjoyable nutrition; further expanding our portfolio of nutritious products by building on our 
important nutrition platforms and brands — Quaker (grains), Tropicana (fruits and vegetables), Gatorade 
(sports nutrition for athletes) and Naked Juice (juices and smoothies); further expanding our whole grain 
products globally; and further expanding our portfolio of nutritious products in growing categories, such as 
dairy, hummus and other refrigerated dips, and baked grain snacks. In addition, we continued to make 
investments to reduce our impact on the environment, including: efforts to conserve raw materials and energy, 
such as by working to achieve reductions in greenhouse gas emissions across our global businesses, by 
helping to protect and conserve global water supplies especially in high water-risk areas (including conserving 
water within our operations and promoting the efficient use of water use in our agricultural supply chain), 
and by incorporating into our operations, improvements in the sustainability and resources of our agricultural 
supply chain; efforts to reduce waste generated by our operations and disposed of in landfills; efforts to 
support increased packaging recovery and recycling rates; efforts to increase energy efficiency, including 
the increased use of renewable energy and resources; efforts to support sustainable agriculture by expanding 
best practices with our growers and suppliers; and efforts to optimize packaging technology and design to 
make our packaging increasingly recoverable or recyclable with lower environmental impact. 
Research and development costs were $760 million, $754 million and $718 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, 
respectively, and are reported within selling, general and administrative expenses. Consumer research is 
excluded from such research and development costs and included in other marketing costs.
Regulatory Matters 
The conduct of our businesses, including the production, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, 
marketing, labeling, content, quality, safety, transportation, disposal, recycling and use of our products, as 
well as our occupational health and safety practices, are subject to various laws and regulations administered 
by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as to laws and regulations 
administered by government entities and agencies in the more than 200 other countries and territories in 
which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. It is our policy to abide by the laws and 
regulations around the world that apply to our businesses.
The U.S. laws and regulations that we are subject to include: the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and 
various state laws governing food safety; the Food Safety Modernization Act; the Occupational Safety and 
Health Act; various federal, state and local environmental protection laws, as discussed below; the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; the Lanham Act; various federal and state 
laws and regulations governing competition and trade practices; various federal and state laws and regulations 
governing our employment practices, including those related to equal employment opportunity, such as the 
Equal Employment Opportunity Act and the National Labor Relations Act and those related to overtime 
compensation, such as the Fair Labor Standards Act; customs and foreign trade laws and regulations; and 
laws regulating the sale of certain of our products in schools. We are also required to comply with the Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act and the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act. We are also subject to 
various state and local statutes and regulations, including state consumer protection laws such as Proposition 
65 in California, which requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a substance listed 
by the State of California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects, unless the amount of such 
substance in the product is below a safe harbor level. 
We are also subject to numerous similar and other laws and regulations outside the United States, including 
but not limited to laws and regulations governing food safety, occupational health and safety, competition, 
anti-corruption and data privacy. In many jurisdictions, compliance with competition laws is of special 
importance to us due to our competitive position in those jurisdictions, as is compliance with anti-corruption 
laws, including the U.K. Bribery Act. We rely on legal and operational compliance programs, as well as in-
8
Page#28
Table of Contents
house and outside counsel and other experts, to guide our businesses in complying with the laws and 
regulations around the world that apply to our businesses. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes 
on the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes 
of, our products or commodities used in the production of our products. These taxes vary in scope and form: 
some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a 
caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some measures apply a single tax rate per liquid ounce while others 
apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar in the beverage. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, product labeling or warning 
requirements or other limitations on the marketing or sale of certain of our products as a result of ingredients 
or substances contained in such products or the audience to whom products are marketed. These types of 
provisions have required that we provide a label that highlights perceived concerns about a product or warns 
consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our products. It is possible 
that similar or more restrictive requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future. Regulators may also 
restrict consumers’ ability to use benefit programs, such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program 
in the United States, to purchase certain beverages and foods. In addition, legislation has been enacted in 
certain U.S. states and in certain other countries where our products are sold that requires collection and 
recycling of containers or that prohibits the sale of our beverages in certain non-refillable containers, unless 
a deposit, ecotax or other fee is charged. It is possible that similar or more restrictive requirements may be 
proposed or enacted in the future.
We are also subject to national and local environmental laws in the United States and in foreign countries in 
which we do business, including laws related to water consumption and treatment, wastewater discharge and 
air emissions. In the United States, our facilities must comply with the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, 
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, the Compensation and Liability Act, the Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act and other federal and state laws regarding handling, storage, release and 
disposal of wastes generated on-site and sent to third-party owned and operated off-site licensed facilities 
and our facilities outside the United States must comply with similar laws and regulations. In addition, 
continuing concern over climate change may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements 
(in or outside of the United States) to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of greenhouse gases, or to limit 
or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns. Our policy is to 
abide by all applicable environmental laws and regulations, and we have internal programs in place with 
respect to our global environmental compliance. We have made, and plan to continue making, necessary 
expenditures for compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. While these expenditures 
have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations to date, changes 
in environmental compliance requirements, and any expenditures necessary to comply with such 
requirements, could adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, we and our subsidiaries are 
subject to environmental remediation obligations arising in the normal course of business, as well as 
remediation and related indemnification obligations in connection with certain historical activities and 
contractual obligations, including those of businesses acquired by us or our subsidiaries. While these 
environmental remediation and indemnification obligations cannot be predicted with certainty, such 
obligations have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings 
or competitive position. 
In addition to the discussion in this section, see also “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we and our consolidated subsidiaries employed approximately 264,000 people 
worldwide, including approximately 113,000 people within the United States. In certain countries, our 
9
Page#29
Table of Contents
employment levels are subject to seasonal variations. We or our subsidiaries are party to numerous collective 
bargaining agreements. We expect that we will be able to renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements 
on satisfactory terms when they expire. We believe that relations with our employees are generally good. 
 
Available Information
We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The public may read and copy any materials that we 
file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. 
Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-
SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information 
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy 
statements and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are also available free of charge on our Internet 
site at http://www.pepsico.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed 
with or furnished to the SEC. 
Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others using 
filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts or our corporate website 
(www.pepsico.com), including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, key personnel, 
our brands and our business strategy. Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed 
material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, consumers, business partners and 
others interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. We may from time to time update 
the list of channels we will use to communicate information that could be deemed material and will post 
information about any such change on www.pepsico.com. The information on our website is not, and shall 
not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC.
Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the factors described below could occur or continue to occur and could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our 
common stock. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently 
known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may occur or become material in the future and 
may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our publicly 
traded securities. Therefore, historical operating results, financial and business performance, events and trends 
may not be a reliable indicator of future operating results, financial and business performance, events or 
trends. 
Demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability 
on our part to innovate or market our products effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We are a global food and beverage company operating in highly competitive categories and markets. To 
generate revenues and profits, we rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must sell products 
that appeal to our customers and consumers. In general, changes in consumption in our product categories 
or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. Demand for our products depends 
in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, 
including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with: health 
and wellness (including products that have less sodium, added sugars and saturated fat); convenience 
10
Page#30
Table of Contents
(including responding to changes in in-home and on-the-go consumption patterns); or the location of origin 
or source of the ingredients and products (including the environmental impact related to the production of 
our products). 
Consumer preferences have been evolving, and are expected to continue to evolve, due to a variety of factors, 
including: the aging of the general population; consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the nutrition 
profile of certain of our products, including the presence of added sugar, sodium and saturated fat in certain 
of our products; growing demand for organic or locally sourced ingredients, or consumer concerns or 
perceptions (whether or not valid) regarding the health effects of ingredients or substances present in certain 
of our products, such as 4-MeI, acrylamide, artificial flavors and colors, artificial sweeteners, aspartame, 
caffeine, high-fructose corn syrup, partially hydrolyzed oils, saturated fat, sodium, sugar, trans fats or other 
product ingredients, substances or attributes, including genetically engineered ingredients; taxes or other 
restrictions, including labeling requirements, imposed on our products; consumer concerns or perceptions 
regarding packaging materials, such as with respect to the environmental sustainability or chemical makeup 
thereof; changes in package or portion size; changes in social trends that impact travel, vacation or leisure 
activity patterns; changes in weather patterns or seasonal consumption cycles; negative publicity (whether 
or not valid) resulting from regulatory actions, litigation against us or other companies in our industry or 
negative or inaccurate posts or comments in the media, including social media, about us, our employees, our 
products or advertising campaigns and marketing programs; perception of social media posts or other 
information disseminated by us or our employees and executives, agents, customers, suppliers, bottlers, 
distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties; perception of our employees, agents, customers, 
suppliers, bottlers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties or the business practices of such 
parties; product boycotts; or a downturn in economic conditions. Any of these factors may reduce consumers’ 
willingness to purchase our products and any inability on our part to anticipate or react to such changes could 
result in reduced demand for our products and erosion of our competitive and financial position and could 
adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. 
Demand for our products is also dependent in part on product quality, product and marketing innovation and 
production and distribution, including our ability to: maintain a robust pipeline of new products; improve 
the quality of existing products; extend our portfolio of products in growing markets and categories; respond 
to cultural differences and regional consumer preferences (whether through developing or acquiring new 
products that are responsive to such preferences); monitor and adjust our use of ingredients (including to 
respond to applicable regulations); develop a broader portfolio of product choices and continue to increase 
non-carbonated beverage offerings and other alternatives to traditional carbonated beverage offerings; 
develop sweetener alternatives and innovation; improve the production, packaging and distribution of our 
products; respond to competitive product and pricing pressures and changes in distribution channels, including 
in the growing e-commerce channel; and implement effective advertising campaigns and marketing programs, 
including successfully adapting to a rapidly changing media environment through the use of social media 
and online advertising campaigns and marketing programs. 
Although we devote significant resources to the items mentioned above, there can be no assurance as to our 
continued ability to develop, launch and maintain successful new products or variants of existing products 
in a timely manner (including to correctly anticipate or effectively react to changes in consumer preferences) 
or to develop and effectively execute advertising and marketing campaigns that appeal to customers and 
consumers. Our failure to make the right strategic investments to drive innovation or successfully launch 
new products or variants of existing products could decrease demand for our existing products by negatively 
affecting consumer perception of our existing brands and may result in inventory write-offs and other costs 
that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
11
Page#31
Table of Contents
Changes in, or failure to comply with, laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business 
operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
The conduct of our business is subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local 
governmental agencies in the United States, as well as government entities and agencies outside the United 
States, including laws and regulations relating to the production, storage, distribution, sale, display, 
advertising, marketing, labeling, content, quality, safety, transportation, disposal, recycling and use of our 
products, as well as our employment and occupational health and safety practices. In addition, in many 
jurisdictions, compliance with competition laws is of special importance to us due to our competitive position 
in those jurisdictions, as is compliance with anti-corruption laws. Many of these laws and regulations have 
differing or conflicting legal standards across the various markets where our products are made, manufactured, 
distributed or sold and, in certain markets, such as developing and emerging markets, may be less developed 
or certain. For example, products containing genetically engineered ingredients are subject to varying 
regulations and restrictions in jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or 
sold. In addition, these laws and regulations and related interpretations may change, sometimes dramatically 
and unexpectedly, as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. Such 
changes may include changes in: food and drug laws; laws related to product labeling, advertising and 
marketing practices; laws and treaties related to international trade, including laws regarding the import or 
export of our products or ingredients used in our products and tariffs; laws and programs restricting the sale 
and advertising of certain of our products, including restrictions on the audience to whom products are 
marketed; laws and programs aimed at reducing, restricting or eliminating ingredients or substances in, or 
attributes of, certain of our products; laws and programs aimed at discouraging the consumption or altering 
the package or portion size of certain of our products, including laws imposing restrictions on the use of 
government funds or programs, such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program in the United States, 
to purchase certain of our products; increased regulatory scrutiny of, and increased litigation involving product 
claims and concerns (whether or not valid) regarding the effects on health of ingredients or substances in, or 
attributes of, certain of our products, including without limitation those found in energy drinks; state consumer 
protection laws; regulatory initiatives, including the imposition or proposed imposition of new or increased 
taxes or other measures impacting the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products; accounting rules and 
interpretations; employment laws; privacy laws; laws regulating the price we may charge for our products; 
laws regulating water rights and access to and use of water or utilities; environmental laws, including laws 
relating to the regulation of water treatment and discharge of wastewater and air emissions and laws relating 
to the disposal, recovery or recycling of our products and their packaging. Changes in regulatory requirements, 
and competing regulations and standards, where our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, 
may result in higher compliance costs, capital expenditures and higher production costs, which could adversely 
affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
The imposition by any jurisdiction in the United States or outside the United States of new laws, regulations 
or governmental policy and their related interpretations, or changes in any of the foregoing, including taxes, 
labeling, product or production requirements or other limitations on, or pertaining to, the sale or advertisement 
of certain of our products, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or commodities 
used in the production of our products, may continue to alter the environment in which we do business and, 
therefore, may continue to increase our costs or liabilities or reduce demand for our products, which could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. If one jurisdiction imposes or 
proposes to impose new requirements or restrictions, other jurisdictions may follow and the requirements or 
restrictions, or proposed requirements or restrictions, may also result in adverse publicity (whether or not 
valid). For example, if one jurisdiction imposes a tax on sugar-sweetened beverages or foods, or imposes a 
specific labeling or warning requirement, other jurisdictions may impose similar or other measures that impact 
the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products. The foregoing may result in decreased demand for our 
12
Page#32
Table of Contents
products, adverse publicity or increased concerns about the health implications of consumption of ingredients 
or substances in our products (whether or not valid). 
In addition, studies are underway by third parties to assess the health implications of consumption of certain 
ingredients or substances present in certain of our products, such as 4-MeI, acrylamide, caffeine, added sugars, 
saturated fat and sodium. Third parties, such as the World Health Organization, have also published documents 
or studies claiming that taxes can address consumer consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and other 
foods high in sugar, sodium or saturated fat. If, as a result of these studies and documents or otherwise, there 
is an increase in consumer concerns (whether or not valid) about the health implications of consumption of 
our products, an increase in the number of jurisdictions that impose taxes on our products, or an increase in 
new labeling, product or production requirements or other restrictions on the manufacturing, sale or display 
of our products, demand for our products could decline, or we could be subject to lawsuits or new regulations 
that could affect sales of our products, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition 
or results of operations. 
Although we have policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote legal and regulatory 
compliance, our employees, suppliers, or other third parties with whom we do business could take actions, 
intentional or not, that violate these policies and procedures or applicable laws or regulations. Violations of 
these laws or regulations could subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions, including fines, penalties, 
disgorgement of profits or activity restrictions, any of which could result in adverse publicity or affect our 
business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, regulatory authorities under whose laws 
we operate may have enforcement powers that can subject us to actions such as product recall, seizure of 
products or assets or other sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on the sales of products in our 
portfolio or could lead to damage to our reputation.
In addition, we and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of legal and environmental remediation obligations 
arising in the normal course of business, as well as environmental remediation, product liability, toxic tort 
and related indemnification proceedings in connection with certain historical activities and contractual 
obligations, including those of businesses acquired by us or our subsidiaries. Due to regulatory complexities, 
uncertainties inherent in litigation and the risk of unidentified contaminants on current and former properties 
of ours and our subsidiaries, the potential exists for remediation, liability and indemnification costs to differ 
materially from the costs we have estimated. We cannot guarantee that our costs in relation to these matters 
will not exceed our estimates or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or 
results of operations.
The imposition or proposed imposition of new or increased taxes aimed at our products could adversely 
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, 
or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products, 
ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or commodities used in the production 
of our products. These taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric 
beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some 
measures apply a single tax rate per liquid ounce while others apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the 
amount of added sugar in the beverage. For example, effective January 2017, the City of Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania in the United States enacted a per-ounce surcharge on all sweetened beverages (including 
artificially and non-caloric sweetened beverages). By contrast, the U.K. has proposed a graduated tax, in 
which the per-ounce tax rate is tied to the amount of added sugar present in the beverage: the higher the 
amount of added sugar, the higher the per-ounce tax rate. These tax measures - whatever their scope or form 
- could increase the cost of our products, reduce overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity 
13
Page#33
Table of Contents
(whether based in scientific fact or not ) or leave consumers with the perception (whether or not valid) that 
our products do not meet their health and wellness needs. Such factors could adversely affect our business, 
financial condition or results of operations.
Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our 
products may reduce demand for such products and could adversely affect our business, financial condition 
or results of operations.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, 
or are considering imposing, product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or 
sale of certain of our products as a result of ingredients or substances contained in such products. These types 
of provisions have required that we provide a label that highlights perceived concerns about a product or 
warns consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our products. For 
example, in California in the United States, Proposition 65 requires a specific warning on any product that 
contains a substance listed by the State of California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects, 
unless the level of such substance in the product is below a safe harbor level. 
In addition, some jurisdictions, including Chile and Peru, have adopted labeling requirements or have begun 
to require color-coded labeling of certain food and beverage products where black, red, yellow and green are 
used to indicate various levels of a particular ingredient, such as sodium, saturated fat or sugar. In addition, 
a number of other jurisdictions both in and outside the United States are considering similar measures. The 
imposition or proposed imposition of additional product labeling or warning requirements could reduce 
overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity (whether based in scientific fact or not) or 
leave consumers with the perception (whether or not valid) that our products do not meet their health and 
wellness needs. Such factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Changes in laws and regulations relating to packaging or disposal of our products could continue to 
increase our costs and reduce demand for our products or otherwise have an adverse impact on our 
business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
Certain of our products are sold in packaging designed to be recoverable for recycling but not all packaging 
is recovered, whether due to low value, lack of infrastructure or otherwise. The United States and many other 
jurisdictions have imposed or are considering imposing regulations or policies designed to encourage 
recycling, including requiring that deposits or certain taxes or fees be charged in connection with the sale, 
distribution, marketing and use of certain packaging; extended producer responsibility policies which makes 
brand owners responsible for the costs of recycling products after consumers have used them; and adopting 
or extending product stewardship policies which could require brand owners to plan for and, if necessary, 
pay for the recycling or disposal of packaging after consumers have used them. Compliance with these laws 
and regulations could continue to affect our costs or require changes in our distribution model, which could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, our reputation could be 
damaged if we or others in our industry do not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to 
packaging or disposal of our products. 
Our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer if we are unable to compete 
effectively.
Our beverage, food and snack products are in highly competitive categories and markets and compete against 
products of international beverage, food and snack companies that, like us, operate in multiple geographies, 
as well as regional, local, and private label manufacturers, economy brands and other competitors. In many 
countries in which our products are sold, including the United States, The Coca-Cola Company is our primary 
beverage competitor. Other beverage, food and snack competitors include, but are not limited to, DPSG, 
14
Page#34
Table of Contents
Kellogg Company, The Kraft Heinz Company, International, Inc., Monster Beverage Corporation, 
Nestlé S.A., Red Bull GmbH and Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 
Our beverage, food and snack products compete primarily on the basis of brand recognition and loyalty, taste, 
price, value, quality, product variety, innovation, distribution, advertising, marketing and promotional activity, 
packaging, convenience, service and the ability to anticipate and effectively respond to consumer preferences 
and trends, including increased consumer focus on health and wellness. If we are unable to effectively promote 
our existing products or introduce new products, if our advertising or marketing campaigns are not effective 
or if we are otherwise unable to compete effectively (including in distributing our products effectively and 
cost efficiently through all existing and emerging channels of trade, including through e-commerce), we may 
be unable to grow or maintain sales or category share or we may need to increase capital, marketing or other 
expenditures, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of political 
conditions in the markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold.
Political conditions in the markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold may 
be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For example, the decision by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union has created uncertainty 
regarding how the United Kingdom will interact with other European Union countries following its departure 
and during the time leading up to its departure. In addition, many of the markets in which our products are 
made, manufactured, distributed or sold, have recently held, or will hold in the near future, elections, the 
results of which could create uncertainty regarding how existing laws and regulations may change, including 
with respect to sanctions, climate change regulation, taxes, the movement of goods, services and people 
between countries and other matters, and could result in exchange rate fluctuation, volatility in global stock 
markets and global economic uncertainty. Any changes in, or the imposition of new, laws, regulations or 
governmental policy and their related interpretations due to elections, referendums or other political conditions 
could have an adverse impact on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 
Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if we are unable to 
grow our business in developing and emerging markets.
Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets, including 
Mexico, Russia, Brazil, the Middle East, China and India. However, there can be no assurance that our existing 
products, variants of our existing products or new products that we make, manufacture, distribute or sell will 
be accepted or be successful in any particular developing or emerging market, due to local or global 
competition, product price, cultural differences, consumer preferences or otherwise. The following factors 
could reduce demand for our products or otherwise impede the growth of our business in developing and 
emerging markets: unstable economic, political or social conditions, acts of war, terrorist acts, and civil 
unrest; increased competition; volatility in the economic growth of certain of these markets and the related 
impact on developed countries who export to these markets; volatile oil prices and the impact on the local 
economy in certain of these markets; our inability to acquire businesses, form strategic business alliances or 
to make necessary infrastructure investments; our inability to complete divestitures or refranchisings; 
imposition of new or increased labeling, product or production requirements, or other restrictions; imposition 
of new or increased sanctions against, or other regulations restricting contact with, certain countries in these 
markets, or imposition of new or increased sanctions against U.S. multinational corporations operating in 
these markets; foreign ownership restrictions; nationalization of our assets or the assets of our suppliers, 
bottlers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties; imposition of taxes on our products or the 
ingredients or substances used in our products; government-mandated closure, or threatened closure, of our 
operations or the operations of our suppliers, bottlers, distributors, joint venture partners, customers or other 
15
Page#35
Table of Contents
third parties; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances used in our 
products; regulations relating to the repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions to the United 
States; highly-inflationary economies, devaluation or fluctuation, such as the devaluation of the Mexican 
peso, Russian ruble, Egyptian pound and the Argentine peso, or demonetization of currency, such as the 
withdrawal in India of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes; regulations on the transfer of funds to and from foreign 
countries, currency controls or other currency exchange restrictions, which result in significant cash balances 
in foreign countries, from time to time, or could significantly affect our ability to effectively manage our 
operations in certain of these markets and could result in the deconsolidation of such businesses, such as the 
deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015; the lack of 
well-established or reliable legal systems; increased costs of doing business due to compliance with complex 
foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act; and 
adverse consequences, such as the assessment of fines or penalties, for any failure to comply with these laws 
and regulations. If we are unable to expand our businesses in developing and emerging markets, effectively 
operate, or manage the risks associated with operating, in these markets, or achieve the return on capital we 
expect from our investments in these markets, our reputation, business, financial condition or results of 
operations could be adversely affected.
Unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or 
results of operations.
Many of the countries in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold have experienced 
and continue to experience unfavorable economic conditions, such as recessions or economic slowdowns. 
Our business or financial results may be adversely impacted by unfavorable economic conditions in the 
United States and globally, including: adverse changes in interest rates, tax laws or tax rates; volatile 
commodity markets, including speculative influences; highly-inflationary economies, devaluation, 
fluctuation or demonetization; contraction in the availability of credit in the marketplace due to legislation 
or economic conditions; the effects of government initiatives, including demonetization, austerity or stimulus 
measures to manage economic conditions and any changes to or cessation of such initiatives; the effects of 
any default by or deterioration in the credit worthiness of the countries in which our products are made, 
manufactured, distributed or sold or of countries that may then impact countries in which our products are 
made, manufactured, distributed or sold; reduced demand for our products resulting from volatility in general 
global economic conditions or a shift in consumer preferences for economic reasons or otherwise to regional, 
local or private label products or other lower-cost products, or to less profitable channels; or a decrease in 
the fair value of pension or post-retirement assets that could increase future employee benefit costs and/or 
funding requirements of our pension or post-retirement plans. In addition, we cannot predict how current or 
future economic conditions will affect our customers, consumers, suppliers, bottlers, distributors, joint venture 
partners or other third parties and any negative impact on any of the foregoing may also have an adverse 
impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
In addition, some of the major financial institutions with which we execute transactions, including U.S. and 
non-U.S. commercial banks, insurance companies, investment banks and other financial institutions, may be 
exposed to a ratings downgrade, bankruptcy, liquidity, default or similar risks as a result of unfavorable 
economic conditions, changing regulatory requirements or other factors beyond our control. A ratings 
downgrade, bankruptcy, receivership, default or similar event involving a major financial institution, or 
changes in the regulatory environment, may limit the ability or willingness of financial institutions to enter 
into financial transactions with us, including to provide banking or related cash management services, or to 
extend credit on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all; may leave us with reduced borrowing capacity 
or exposed to certain currencies or price risk associated with forecasted purchases of raw materials; or may 
result in a decline in the market value of our investments in debt securities, which could have an adverse 
16
Page#36
Table of Contents
impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Similar risks exist with respect to our 
customers, suppliers, bottlers, distributors and joint venture partners and could result in their inability to 
obtain credit to purchase our products or to finance the manufacture and distribution of our products resulting 
in product delays, which could also have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition 
or results of operations.
Our business and reputation could suffer if we are unable to protect our information systems against, or 
effectively respond to, cyberattacks or other cyber incidents or if our information systems, or those of our 
customers, suppliers, bottlers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties, are otherwise 
disrupted.
We depend on information systems and technology, some of which are provided by third parties, including 
public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business, including: to interface 
with our customers and consumers; to engage in marketing activities; to enable and improve the effectiveness 
of our operations; to order and manage materials from suppliers; to manage inventory; to manage our facilities; 
to conduct research and development; to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency; to comply with 
regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements; to collect and store sensitive data and confidential 
information; to communicate electronically among our global operations and with our employees and the 
employees of our independent bottlers, contract manufacturers, distributors, joint ventures, suppliers and 
other third parties; and to communicate with our investors.
As with other global companies, we are regularly subject to cyberattacks. Cyberattacks and other cyber 
incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated 
and are being made by groups and individuals (including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored 
institutions, terrorist organizations and individuals or groups participating in organized crime) with a wide 
range of expertise and motives (including monetization of corporate, payment or other internal or personal 
data, theft of trade secrets and intellectual property for competitive advantage and leverage for political, 
social, economic and environmental reasons). Such cyberattacks and cyber incidents can take many forms 
including cyber extortion, social engineering, introduction of viruses or malware, such as ransomware through 
phishing emails, or password theft. To date, no cyberattack or other cyber incident has to our knowledge had 
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If we do not allocate 
and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and maintain our information technology 
infrastructure, including monitoring networks and systems, upgrading our security policies and the skills and 
training of our employees, and requiring our third-party service providers, customers, suppliers, bottlers, 
distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties to do the same, if we or they fail to timely identify 
or appropriately respond to cyberattacks or other cyber incidents, or if our or their information systems are 
damaged, compromised, destroyed or shut down (whether as a result of natural disasters, fires, power outages, 
acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events, network outages, software, equipment or telecommunications 
failures, technology development defects, user errors, or from deliberate cyberattacks such as malicious or 
disruptive software, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering, hackers or otherwise), our business 
could be disrupted and we could, among other things, be subject to: transaction errors; processing 
inefficiencies; the loss of, or failure to attract new, customers and consumers; lost revenues resulting from 
the disruption or shutdown of computer systems or other information technology systems at our offices, 
plants, warehouses, distribution centers or other facilities, or the loss of a competitive advantage due to the 
unauthorized use, acquisition or disclosure of, or access to, confidential information; the incurrence of costs 
to restore data and to safeguard against future extortion attempts; the loss of, or damage to, intellectual 
property or trade secrets, including the loss or unauthorized disclosure of sensitive data or other assets; 
alteration, corruption or loss of accounting, financial or other data on which we rely for financial reporting 
and other purposes, which could cause delays in our financial reporting; damage to our reputation; litigation; 
regulatory enforcement actions or fines; violation of data privacy, security or other laws and regulations; and 
17
Page#37
Table of Contents
remediation costs. Further, our information systems and the information stored therein could be compromised 
by, and we could experience similar adverse consequences due to, unauthorized outside parties accessing or 
extracting sensitive data or confidential information, corrupting information or disrupting business processes 
(or demonstrating an ability to do so) or by inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, agents or 
third parties. We continue to devote significant resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, 
and other security measures to protect our systems and data, but these security measures cannot provide 
absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every such breach 
or disruption. In addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of these security threats, the form and impact 
of any future incident cannot be predicted.
Similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information 
technology support services and administrative functions, including payroll processing, health and benefit 
plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and systems managed, hosted, provided 
and/or used by third parties and their vendors. The need to coordinate with various third-party vendors may 
complicate our efforts to resolve any issues that may arise. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the 
activities associated with our third-party vendors may adversely affect our business even if the attack or 
breach does not directly impact our systems or information.
While we currently maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to 
address certain aspects of cyber incidents, network failures and data privacy-related concerns, this insurance 
coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all losses 
or all types of claims that may arise from an incident, or the damage to our reputation or brands that may 
result from an incident.
Our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by increased costs, 
disruption of supply or shortages of raw materials, energy, water and other supplies.
We and our business partners use various raw materials, energy, water and other supplies in our business. 
The principal ingredients we use in our beverage, food and snack products are apple, orange and pineapple 
juice and other juice concentrates, aspartame, corn, corn sweeteners, flavorings, flour, grapefruit and other 
fruits, oats, oranges, potatoes, raw milk, rice, seasonings, sucralose, sugar, vegetable and essential oils, and 
wheat. We also use water in the manufacturing of our products. Our key packaging materials include plastic 
resins, including PET and polypropylene resins used for plastic beverage bottles and film packaging used 
for snack foods, aluminum used for cans, glass bottles, closures, cardboard and paperboard cartons. Fuel, 
electricity and natural gas are also important commodities for our businesses due to their use in our and our 
business partners’ facilities and the vehicles delivering our products. 
Some of these raw materials and supplies are sourced from countries experiencing civil unrest, political 
instability or unfavorable economic conditions, and some are available from a limited number of suppliers 
or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. The raw materials and energy, including fuel, that 
we use for the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are largely commodities that are 
subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors, including changes in global 
supply and demand, weather conditions (including any potential effects of climate change), disease or pests, 
agricultural uncertainty, health epidemics or pandemics, governmental incentives and controls, political 
uncertainties, governmental instability or currency exchange rates. Shortage of some of these raw materials 
and other supplies, sustained interruption in their supply or an increase in their costs could adversely affect 
our business, financial condition or results of operations. Many of our ingredients, raw materials and 
commodities are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, 
and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements 
and derivatives. If commodity price changes result in unexpected or significant increases in raw materials 
18
Page#38
Table of Contents
and energy costs, we may be unwilling or unable to increase our product prices or unable to effectively hedge 
against commodity price increases to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue, 
margins and operating results. In addition, certain of the derivatives used to hedge price risk do not qualify 
for hedge accounting treatment and, therefore, can result in increased volatility in our net earnings in any 
given period due to changes in the spot prices of the underlying commodities. 
Water is also a limited resource in many parts of the world. The lack of available water of acceptable quality 
and increasing pressure to conserve water in areas of scarcity and stress may lead to: supply chain disruption; 
adverse effects on our operations; higher compliance costs; capital expenditures (including additional 
investments in the development of technologies to enhance water efficiency and reduce water consumption); 
higher production costs; the cessation of operations at, or relocation of, our facilities or the facilities of our 
suppliers, bottlers, contract manufacturers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties; or damage 
to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Business disruptions could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of 
operations.
Our ability, and that of our suppliers and other third parties, including our bottlers, contract manufacturers, 
joint venture partners, distributors and customers, to make, manufacture, transport, distribute and sell products 
in our portfolio is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our or their operations due to any of the 
following factors could impair the ability to make, manufacture, transport, distribute or sell products in our 
portfolio: adverse weather conditions (including any potential effects of climate change) or natural disaster, 
such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake or flooding; government action; economic or political uncertainties 
or instability in countries in which such products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, which may 
also affect our ability to protect the security of our assets and employees; fire; terrorism; outbreak or escalation 
of armed hostilities; food safety warnings or recalls, whether related to products in our portfolio or otherwise; 
health epidemics or pandemics; supply and commodity shortages; unplanned delays or unexpected problems 
associated with repairs or enhancements of facilities in which such products are made, manufactured, 
distributed or sold; loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites; cyber incidents, including the disruption 
or shutdown of computer systems or other information technology systems at our offices, plants, warehouses, 
distribution centers or other facilities; industrial accidents or other occupational health and safety issues; 
telecommunications failures; power or water shortages; strikes and other labor disputes; or other reasons 
beyond our control or the control of our suppliers and other third parties. Failure to take adequate steps to 
mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, 
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, as well as require additional 
resources to restore operations.
Product contamination or tampering or issues or concerns with respect to product quality, safety and 
integrity could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
Product contamination or tampering, the failure to maintain high standards for product quality, safety and 
integrity, including with respect to raw materials and ingredients obtained from suppliers, or allegations 
(whether or not valid) of product quality issues, mislabeling, misbranding, spoilage, allergens, adulteration 
or contamination with respect to products in our portfolio may reduce demand for such products, and cause 
production and delivery disruptions or increase costs, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, 
financial condition or results of operations. If any of the products in our portfolio are mislabeled or become 
unfit for consumption or cause injury, illness or death, or if appropriate resources are not devoted to product 
quality and safety (particularly as we expand our portfolio into new categories) or to comply with changing 
food safety requirements, we could decide to, or be required to, recall products in our portfolio and/or we 
may be subject to liability or government action, which could result in payment of damages or fines, cause 
19
Page#39
Table of Contents
certain products in our portfolio to be unavailable for a period of time, result in destruction of product 
inventory, or result in adverse publicity (whether or not valid), which could reduce consumer demand and 
brand equity. Moreover, even if allegations of product contamination or tampering or suggestions that our 
products were not fit for consumption are meritless, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against us 
or products in our portfolio or processes could adversely affect our reputation or brands. Our business could 
also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in product quality, safety and integrity generally, 
even if such loss of confidence is unrelated to products in our portfolio. Any of the foregoing could adversely 
affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, if we do not have 
adequate insurance, if we do not have enforceable indemnification from suppliers, bottlers, contract 
manufacturers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties or if indemnification is not available, 
the liability relating to such product claims or disruption as a result of recall efforts could materially adversely 
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Any damage to our reputation or brand image could adversely affect our business, financial condition or 
results of operations.
We are a leading global beverage, food and snack company with brands that are respected household names 
throughout the world. Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to selling our branded products. Our 
reputation or brand image could be adversely impacted by any of the following, or by adverse publicity 
(whether or not valid) relating thereto: the failure to maintain high ethical, social and environmental practices 
for all of our operations and activities, including with respect to human rights and workplace safety, or failure 
to require our suppliers or other third parties to do so; the failure to achieve our goals of reducing added 
sugars, sodium and saturated fat in certain of our products and of growing our portfolio of product choices; 
the failure to achieve our other sustainability goals or to be perceived as appropriately addressing matters of 
social responsibility; the failure to protect our intellectual property, including in the event our brands are used 
without our authorization; health concerns (whether or not valid) about our products or particular ingredients 
or substances in, or attributes of, our products, including concerns regarding whether certain of our products 
contribute to obesity; the imposition or proposed imposition of new or increased taxes, labeling requirements 
or other limitations on, or pertaining to, the sale, display or advertising of our products; any failure to comply, 
or perception of a failure to comply, with our policies and goals, including those regarding advertising to 
children and reducing calorie consumption from sugar-sweetened beverages; our research and development 
efforts; the recall (voluntary or otherwise) of any products in our portfolio; our environmental impact, 
including use of agricultural materials, packaging, water, energy use and waste management; any failure to 
achieve our goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment, or perception of a failure to act 
responsibly with respect to water use and the environment; the practices of our employees, agents, customers, 
distributors, suppliers, bottlers, joint venture partners or other third parties (including others in our industry) 
with respect to any of the foregoing, actual or perceived; consumer perception of our industry; consumer 
perception of our advertising campaigns or marketing programs; consumer perception of our use of social 
media; consumer perception of statements made by us, our employees and executives, agents, customers, 
suppliers, bottlers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties (including others in our industry); 
or our responses or the responses of others in our industry to any of the foregoing. 
In addition, we operate globally, which requires us to comply with numerous local regulations, including, 
without limitation, anti-corruption laws, competition laws and tax laws and regulations of the jurisdictions 
in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. In the event that our employees engage 
in improper activities, we may be subject to enforcement actions, litigation, loss of sales or other consequences, 
which may cause us to suffer damage to our reputation in the United States or abroad. Failure to comply with 
local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to provide accurate and 
timely financial information could also hurt our reputation. In addition, water is a limited resource in many 
20
Page#40
Table of Contents
parts of the world and demand for water continues to rise. Our reputation could be damaged if we or others 
in our industry do not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to water use.
Further, the popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed 
and accessibility of information dissemination. As a result, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about 
us, our products, policies, practices or advertising campaigns and marketing programs; our use of social 
media or of posts or other information disseminated by us or our employees, agents, customers, suppliers, 
bottlers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties; consumer perception of any of the foregoing, 
or failure by us to respond effectively to any of the foregoing, may also generate adverse publicity (whether 
or not valid) that could damage our reputation.
Damage to our reputation or brand image or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or 
other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could adversely affect our business, 
financial condition or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
Failure to successfully complete or integrate acquisitions and joint ventures into our existing operations, 
or to complete or effectively manage divestitures or refranchisings, could adversely affect our business, 
financial condition or results of operations.
We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures, 
divestitures, refranchisings and other strategic transactions. Potential issues associated with these activities 
could include, among other things: our ability to realize the full extent of the expected returns, benefits, cost 
savings or synergies as a result of a transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all; receipt of necessary 
consents, clearances and approvals in connection with a transaction; and diversion of management’s attention 
from day-to-day operations. 
With respect to acquisitions, the following factors also pose potential risks: our ability to successfully combine 
our businesses with the business of the acquired company, including integrating the acquired company’s 
manufacturing, distribution, sales, accounting, financial reporting and administrative support activities and 
information technology systems with our company; our ability to successfully operate in new categories or 
territories; motivating, recruiting and retaining executives and key employees; conforming standards, controls 
(including internal control over financial reporting, environmental compliance, health and safety compliance 
and compliance with other regulations), procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation 
structures between us and the acquired company; consolidating and streamlining corporate and administrative 
infrastructures and avoiding increased operating expenses; consolidating sales and marketing operations; 
retaining existing customers and attracting new customers; identifying and eliminating redundant and 
underperforming operations and assets; coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; managing tax 
costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition; and 
other unanticipated problems or liabilities, such as contingent liabilities and litigation. 
With respect to joint ventures, we share ownership and management responsibility with one or more parties 
who may or may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources as we do. Joint ventures are 
intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. Business 
decisions or other actions or omissions of our joint venture partners may adversely affect the value of our 
investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us or otherwise damage our reputation and brands 
and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, acquisitions and 
joint ventures outside of the United States increase our exposure to risks associated with operations outside 
of the United States, including fluctuations in exchange rates and compliance with the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and laws and regulations outside the United 
States. 
21
Page#41
Table of Contents
With respect to divestitures and refranchisings, we may not be able to complete or effectively manage such 
transactions on terms commercially favorable to us or at all and may fail to achieve the anticipated benefits 
or cost savings from the divestiture or refranchising. Further, as divestitures and refranchisings may reduce 
our direct control over certain aspects of our business, any failure to maintain good relations with divested 
or refranchised businesses in our supply or sales chain may adversely impact our sales or business 
performance. 
If an acquisition or joint venture is not successfully completed or integrated into our existing operations, or 
if a divestiture or refranchising is not successfully completed or managed or does not result in the benefits 
or cost savings we expect, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
A change in our estimates and underlying assumptions regarding the future performance of our businesses 
could result in an impairment charge, which could materially affect our results of operations.
We conduct impairment tests on various components of our portfolio annually, during our third quarter, or 
more frequently, if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable or that an other-
than-temporary impairment exists. Any changes in our estimates or underlying assumptions regarding the 
future performance of our divisions or in determining the fair value of any such division, including goodwill, 
indefinite-lived intangible assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets, could adversely 
affect our results of operations. Factors that could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: 
significant negative economic or industry trends or competitive operating conditions; significant 
macroeconomic conditions that may result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used 
to estimate fair value; and significant changes in the nature and timing of decisions regarding assets or markets 
that do not perform consistently with our expectations, including factors we use to estimate future levels of 
sales, operating profit or cash flows. Future impairment charges could have a significant adverse effect on 
our results of operations in the periods recognized.
Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. 
Increases in income tax rates or other changes in income tax laws in any particular jurisdiction could reduce 
our after-tax income from such jurisdiction. Our operations outside the United States generate a significant 
portion of our income and income tax associated with repatriation of foreign earnings to the United States 
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, many of the 
countries in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including countries in which 
we have significant operations, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. Changes in how U.S. 
multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are 
interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and 
other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes both within and outside the United 
States. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the 
adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult 
and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation could differ from our historical provisions and 
accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
22
Page#42
Table of Contents
Failure to realize anticipated benefits from our productivity initiatives or global operating model could 
have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Our future success and earnings growth depend, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve 
efficiencies. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of 
operations. We continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future 
success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more 
efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. We are also continuing 
to implement our global operating model to improve efficiency, decision making, innovation and brand 
management across the global PepsiCo organization to enable us to compete more effectively. Further, in 
order to continue to capitalize on our cost reduction efforts and our global operating model, it will be necessary 
to make certain investments in our business, which may be limited due to capital constraints. Some of these 
measures could yield unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and 
employees, reduced employee morale and productivity, and unexpected additional employee attrition, 
including the inability to attract or retain key personnel. It is critical that we have the appropriate personnel 
in place to continue to lead and execute our plans, including to effectively manage personnel adjustments 
and transitions resulting from these initiatives and increased competition for employees with the skills 
necessary to implement our plans. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives 
and global operating model as planned, fail to implement these initiatives as timely as we anticipate, do not 
achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives or incur higher than expected or unanticipated costs 
in implementing these initiatives, fail to identify and implement additional productivity opportunities in the 
future, or fail to successfully manage business disruptions or unexpected employee consequences on our 
workforce, morale or productivity, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, which could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
If we are unable to recruit, hire or retain key employees or a highly skilled and diverse workforce, it could 
have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Our continued growth requires us to recruit, hire, retain and develop our leadership bench and a highly skilled 
and diverse workforce. We compete to recruit and hire new employees and then must train them and develop 
their skills and competencies. Our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies 
and our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to retain, develop and motivate highly 
skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Any unplanned turnover or unsuccessful implementation 
of our succession plans to backfill current leadership positions, including the Chief Executive Officer, or to 
hire and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce could deplete our institutional knowledge base and 
erode our competitive advantage or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees, 
higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect 
our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The loss of, or a significant reduction in sales to, any key customer or changes to the retail landscape 
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Our customers include wholesale and other distributors, foodservice customers, grocery stores, drug stores, 
convenience stores, discount/dollar stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, e-commerce retailers 
and authorized independent bottlers, among others. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with 
our key customers, including Wal-Mart, to compete effectively. The loss of any of our key customers or a 
significant reduction in sales to a key customer could adversely affect our business, financial condition or 
results of operations. In addition, our industry has been affected by changes to the retail landscape, including 
increased consolidation of retail ownership and purchasing power, particularly in North America, Europe 
and Latin America, resulting in large retailers with increased purchasing power, which may impact our ability 
23
Page#43
Table of Contents
to compete in these areas. Such retailers may demand improved efficiency, lower pricing and increased 
promotional programs. Further, should larger retailers increase utilization of their own distribution networks, 
other distribution channels such as e-commerce, or private label brands, or if we are unable to develop 
successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers, the competitive advantages we derive 
from our go-to-market systems and brand equity may be eroded. In addition, failure to appropriately respond 
to any such actions, to offer effective sales incentives and marketing programs to our customers or to adapt 
to the rapidly changing retail and e-commerce landscapes could reduce our ability to secure adequate shelf 
space and product availability at our retailers, adversely affect our ability to maintain or grow our share of 
sales or volume, and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, 
if we are unable to resolve a dispute with any of our key customers, or if there is a change in the business 
condition (financial or otherwise) of any of our key customers, even if unrelated to us, our business, financial 
condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets may be adversely affected by a downgrade 
or potential downgrade of our credit ratings.
Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a 
number of factors, including our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to 
shareholder distributions and our financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as 
the then-current state of the economy and our industry generally. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a 
credit rating agency, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, whether as a result of our actions 
or factors which are beyond our control, could increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to 
access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, and result in a reduction 
in our liquidity. We expect to maintain Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate 
appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global credit markets at favorable interest rates. However, 
any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial 
paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, and therefore require us to rely 
more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. Our borrowing costs and access to the commercial 
paper market could also be adversely affected if a credit rating agency announces that our ratings are under 
review for a potential downgrade. An increase in our borrowing costs, limitations on our ability to access the 
global capital and credit markets or a reduction in our liquidity could adversely affect our financial condition 
and results of operations.
If we are not able to successfully implement shared services or utilize information technology systems and 
networks effectively, our ability to conduct our business might be negatively impacted.
We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers to utilize certain information technology 
support services and administrative functions, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan 
administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and may enter into agreements for shared services 
in other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. In addition, we utilize cloud-based 
services and systems and networks managed by third-party vendors to process, transmit and store information 
and to conduct certain of our business activities and transactions with employees, customers, consumers and 
other third parties. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if 
we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings or 
we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers and our reputation 
could be harmed. Depending on the function involved, such errors may also lead to business disruption, 
processing inefficiencies, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security 
breaches or otherwise, effects on financial reporting, litigation or remediation costs, or damage to our 
reputation, which could have a negative impact on employee morale.
24
Page#44
Table of Contents
We continue on our multi-year business transformation initiative to migrate certain of our systems, including 
our financial processing systems, to enterprise-wide systems solutions. If we do not allocate and effectively 
manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if 
we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, it may impact our ability to process transactions 
accurately and efficiently, and remain in step with the changing needs of our business, which could result in 
the loss of customers or consumers. In addition, the failure to either deliver the applications on time, or 
anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers 
or consumers and revenue. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We hold assets, incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. 
dollar. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, the financial statements 
of our subsidiaries outside the United States, where the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are 
translated into U.S. dollars. Our operations outside of the United States, particularly in Mexico, Canada, 
Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil, generate a significant portion of our net revenue. In addition, we 
purchase many of the ingredients, raw materials and commodities used in our business in numerous markets 
and in numerous currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates, including as a result of currency controls or other 
currency exchange restrictions have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Climate change, water scarcity or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change or water 
scarcity may negatively affect our business and operations or damage our reputation.
There is concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse 
impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and 
natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we 
may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary 
for our products, such as sugar cane, corn, wheat, rice, oats, potatoes and various fruits. Natural disasters and 
extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain 
and unfavorably impact the demand for, or our consumer’s ability to purchase, our products. The predicted 
effects of climate change may also exacerbate challenges regarding the availability and quality of water. As 
demand for water access continues to increase around the world, we may be subject to decreased availability 
of water, deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water, which could adversely impact our 
manufacturing and distribution operations. 
The continued increasing concern over climate change may result in new or increased regional, federal and/
or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases, or to limit 
or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns. In the event that 
such regulation is more stringent than current regulatory obligations or the measures that we are currently 
undertaking to monitor and improve our energy efficiency and water conservation, we may experience 
disruptions in, or significant increases in our costs of, operation and delivery and we may be required to make 
additional investments in facilities and equipment or relocate our facilities. In particular, increasing regulation 
of fuel emissions could substantially increase the cost of energy, including fuel, required to operate our 
facilities or transport and distribute our products, thereby substantially increasing the distribution and supply 
chain costs associated with our products. As a result, the effects of climate change or water scarcity could 
negatively affect our business and operations. 
In addition, any perception (whether or not valid) of our failure to effectively respond to new, or changes in, 
legal or regulatory requirements concerning climate change or water scarcity could result in adverse publicity 
and could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
25
Page#45
Table of Contents
There is also increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, 
customers and consumers on these and other environmental sustainability matters, including deforestation, 
land use, climate impact and water use. Our reputation could be damaged if we or others in our industry do 
not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to our impact on the environment. 
A portion of our workforce belongs to unions. Failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining 
agreements, or strikes or work stoppages, could cause our business to suffer.
Many of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and other employees may seek to 
be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions 
could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements 
on satisfactory terms, which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss 
of sales, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. The terms 
and conditions of existing, renegotiated or new collective bargaining agreements could also increase our 
costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency 
or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy.
If we are not able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if we are found to infringe the 
intellectual property rights of others, the value of our products or brands, or our competitive position, 
could be reduced, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of 
operations.
We possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business. These intellectual property rights 
include ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets that 
are important to our business and relate to a variety of our products, their packaging, the processes for their 
production and the design and operation of various equipment used in our businesses. We protect our 
intellectual property rights globally through a combination of trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret 
laws, third-party assignment and nondisclosure agreements and monitoring of third-party misuses of our 
intellectual property. If we fail to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, copyrights, patents, business 
processes and trade secrets, including our ingredient formulas, or if there is a change in law that limits or 
removes the current legal protections of our intellectual property, the value of our products and brands, or 
our competitive position, could be reduced and there could be an adverse impact on our business, financial 
condition or results of operations. In addition, if, in the course of developing new products or improving the 
quality of existing products, we are found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, directly 
or indirectly, such finding could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition or 
results of operations and may limit our ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing 
products.
Potential liabilities and costs from litigation, legal proceedings or investigations could have an adverse 
impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of legal claims, proceedings and investigations, including but 
not limited to litigation related to our advertising, marketing or commercial practices, product labels, claims 
and ingredients including, sugar, sodium and saturated fat, our intellectual property rights, alleged 
infringement or misappropriation by us of intellectual property rights of others and environmental, 
employment and insurance matters. We evaluate legal claims to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes 
and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses and establish reserves as appropriate. Litigation is 
inherently uncertain and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in litigation, 
or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters and the likely outcome or potential losses and 
established reserves will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such litigation. In the event that 
management’s assessment of actual or potential claims and proceedings proves inaccurate or litigation that 
26
Page#46
Table of Contents
is material arises in the future, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or 
results of operations. Defending ourselves from claims, including non-meritorious claims, may also require 
us to incur significant expense and devote significant resources, and may generate adverse publicity that may 
damage our reputation or brand image, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial 
condition or results of operations. 
Many factors may adversely affect the price of our publicly traded securities.
Many factors may adversely affect the price of our common stock and publicly traded debt. Such factors, 
some of which are beyond our control, may include, but are not limited to: unfavorable economic conditions; 
changes in financial or tax reporting and changes in accounting principles or practices that materially affect 
our reported financial condition and results; investor perceptions of our business, strategies and performance 
or those of our competitors; actions by shareholders or others seeking to influence our business strategies; 
speculation by the media or investment community regarding our business, strategies and performance or 
those of our competitors; trading activity in our securities or trading activity in derivative instruments with 
respect to our securities; changes in our credit ratings; the impact of our share repurchase programs or dividend 
policy; and the outcome of referenda and elections. In addition, corporate actions, such as those we may or 
may not take from time to time as part of our continuous review of our corporate structure and our strategy, 
including as a result of business, legal, regulatory and tax considerations, may not have the impact we intend 
and may adversely affect the price of our securities. The above factors, as well as the other risks included in 
this “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” could adversely affect the price of our securities.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC 
that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our 2016 fiscal year and that remain unresolved.
27
Page#47
Table of Contents
Item 2. Properties.
Our principal executive offices located in Purchase, New York and our facilities located in Plano, Texas, all 
of which we own, are our most significant corporate properties.
Each division utilizes plants, warehouses, distribution centers, offices and other facilities, either owned or 
leased, in connection with making, marketing, distributing and selling our products. The approximate number 
of such facilities utilized by each division is as follows:
Latin
(a)
FLNA QFNA NAB America ESSA AMENA Shared
(b)
Plants 35 5 70 55 100 50 5
(c)
Other Facilities 1,675 3 465 575 365 360 35
(a) Shared properties are in addition to the other properties reported by our six divisions identified in this table. QFNA shares 13 warehouse and 
distribution centers with NAB and FLNA. QFNA also shares two warehouse and distribution centers and one research and development 
laboratory with NAB. FLNA shares one plant with Latin America. NAB, ESSA and AMENA share two plants. Latin America, NAB and 
AMENA share one concentrate plant. Latin America and AMENA share an additional concentrate plant. Approximately 20 offices support 
shared functions.
(b) Includes manufacturing and processing plants as well as bottling and production plants.
(c) Includes warehouses, distribution centers, offices, including division headquarters, research and development facilities and other facilities.
Significant properties by division included in the table above are as follows: 
• FLNA’s research facility in Plano, Texas, which is owned. 
• QFNA’s food plant in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, which is owned.
• NAB’s research and development facility in Valhalla, New York, and a Tropicana plant in Bradenton, 
Florida, both of which are owned. 
• Latin America’s four snack plants in Mexico (two in Vallejo, one in Celaya and one in Monterrey) 
and one in Brazil (Sorocaba), all of which are owned.
• ESSA’s snack plant in Leicester, United Kingdom, which is leased; its snack plant in Kashira, Russia, 
its food and snack research and development facility in Leicester, United Kingdom, its fruit juice 
plant in Zeebrugge, Belgium, its beverage plant in Lebedyan, Russia and its dairy plant in Moscow, 
Russia, all of which are owned. 
• AMENA’s beverage plants in Sixth of October City and Tanta City, Egypt, Rayong, Thailand and 
Amman, Jordan, and its snack plants in Sixth of October City, Egypt and Queensland, Australia, all 
of which are owned; and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, which is leased.
• Two concentrate plants in Cork, Ireland, which are shared by our NAB, ESSA and AMENA divisions, 
both of which are owned.
• Shared service centers in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and Plano, Texas, which are primarily 
shared by our FLNA, QFNA and NAB divisions, both of which are leased 
Most of our plants are owned or leased on a long-term basis. In addition to company-owned or leased properties 
described above, we also utilize a highly distributed network of plants, warehouses and distribution centers 
that are owned or leased by our contract manufacturers, co-packers, strategic alliances or joint ventures in 
which we have an equity interest. We believe that our properties generally are in good operating condition 
and, taken as a whole, are suitable, adequate and of sufficient capacity for our current operations.
28
Page#48
Table of Contents
Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
As previously disclosed, in January 2011, Wojewodzka Inspekcja Ochrony Srodowiska, the Polish 
environmental control authority, began an audit of a bottling plant of our subsidiary, Pepsi-Cola General 
Bottlers Poland SP, z.o.o. (PCGB), in Michrow, Poland. In July 2013, Wojewodzka Inspekcja Ochrony 
Srodowiska alleged that the plant was not in compliance in 2009 with applicable regulations governing the 
taking of water samples for analysis of the plant’s waste and sought monetary sanctions of $650,000 and, in 
August 2013, PCGB appealed this decision. In April 2015, the General Environmental Inspector for 
Environmental Protection upheld the sanctions against PCGB and, in May 2015, PCGB further appealed this 
decision. In October 2015, Viovodeship Administrative Court in Warsaw rejected our appeal and, in December 
2015, PCGB filed an extraordinary appeal in the Supreme Administrative Court. 
In addition, we and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of legal, administrative, regulatory and government 
proceedings, claims and inquiries arising in the normal course of business. While the results of these 
proceedings, claims and inquiries cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final 
outcome of the foregoing will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations 
or cash flows. Sanctions imposed by foreign authorities are levied in local currency and disclosed using the 
U.S. dollar equivalent at the time of imposition and are subject to currency fluctuations. See also “Item 1. 
Business – Regulatory Matters.” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
 
__________________________________________________
Executive Officers of the Registrant
The following is a list of names, ages and backgrounds of our current executive officers:
Name Age Title
Albert P. Carey 65 Chief Executive Officer, North America
Sanjeev Chadha 57 Chief Executive Officer, Asia, Middle East and North Africa
Marie T. Gallagher 57 Senior Vice President and Controller, PepsiCo
Hugh F. Johnston 55 Vice Chairman, PepsiCo; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer, PepsiCo
Dr. Mehmood Khan 58 Vice Chairman, PepsiCo; Executive Vice President, PepsiCo Chief Scientific 
Officer, Global Research and Development
Ramon Laguarta 53 Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa
Laxman Narasimhan 49 Chief Executive Officer, Latin America
Indra K. Nooyi 61 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo 
Vivek Sankaran 54 President and Chief Operating Officer, Frito-Lay North America
Kirk Tanner 48 President and Chief Operating Officer, North America Beverages
Cynthia M. Trudell 63 Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Chief Human Resources 
Officer, PepsiCo 
Tony West 51 Executive Vice President, Government Affairs, General Counsel and 
Corporate Secretary, PepsiCo
Albert P. Carey, 65, was appointed Chief Executive Officer, North America, effective April 2016. Mr. Carey 
previously served as Chief Executive Officer, North America Beverages from July 2015 to April 2016, as 
Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Americas Beverages from 2011 to July 2015 and as President and Chief 
29
Page#49
Table of Contents
Executive Officer of Frito-Lay North America from 2006 to 2011. Mr. Carey began his career with Frito-
Lay in 1981 where he spent 20 years in a variety of roles. He served as President, PepsiCo Sales from 2003 
until 2006. Prior to that, he served as Chief Operating Officer, PepsiCo Beverages and Foods North America 
from 2002 to 2003 and as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President, Sales and Retailer Strategies from 1998 to 2002.
Sanjeev Chadha, 57, was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Asia, Middle East and North Africa in July 
2015. Mr. Chadha previously served as Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Asia, Middle East and Africa from 
2013 to July 2015, as President of PepsiCo’s Middle East and Africa region from 2011 to 2013 and as President 
of PepsiCo’s India region from 2009 to 2010. Mr. Chadha joined PepsiCo in 1989 and has held a variety of 
senior positions with the Company. He served as Senior Vice President – Commercial, Asia Pacific, including 
China and India, Senior General Manager, Vietnam and the Philippines, and held other leadership roles in 
sales, marketing, innovation and franchise.
Marie T. Gallagher, 57, was appointed PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President and Controller in May 2011. 
Ms. Gallagher joined PepsiCo in 2005 as Vice President and Assistant Controller. Prior to joining PepsiCo, 
Ms. Gallagher was Assistant Controller at Altria Corporate Services from 1992 to 2005 and, prior to that, a 
senior manager at Coopers & Lybrand.
Hugh F. Johnston, 55, was appointed Vice Chairman, PepsiCo in July 2015 and Executive Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer, PepsiCo in March 2010. Mr. Johnston assumed responsibility for the Company’s 
global e-commerce business and the Company’s global business and information solutions function in July 
2015. He previously held responsibility for the Quaker Foods North America division from 2014 to 2016, 
the position of Executive Vice President, Global Operations from 2009 to 2010 and the position of President 
of Pepsi-Cola North America from 2007 to 2009. He was formerly PepsiCo’s Executive Vice President, 
Operations, a position he held from 2006 until 2007. From 2005 until 2006, Mr. Johnston was PepsiCo’s 
Senior Vice President, Transformation. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer of PepsiCo Beverages and Foods from 2002 through 2005, and as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President 
of Mergers and Acquisitions in 2002. Mr. Johnston joined PepsiCo in 1987 as a Business Planner and held 
various finance positions until 1999 when he left to join Merck & Co., Inc. as Vice President, Retail, a position 
which he held until he rejoined PepsiCo in 2002. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 1987, Mr. Johnston was with 
General Electric Company in a variety of finance positions.
Dr. Mehmood Khan, 58, was appointed Vice Chairman, PepsiCo in February 2015 and Executive Vice 
President, PepsiCo Chief Scientific Officer, Global Research and Development in May 2012. He previously 
held the position of Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo’s Global Nutrition Group from 2010 to May 2012 
and the position of PepsiCo’s Chief Scientific Officer from 2008 to May 2012. Prior to joining PepsiCo, 
Dr. Khan served for five years at Takeda Pharmaceuticals in various leadership roles including President of 
Research and Development and Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Khan also served at the Mayo Clinic from 2001 
until 2003 as the director of the Diabetes, Endocrinology and Nutrition Clinical Unit and as Consultant 
Physician in Endocrinology.
Ramon Laguarta, 53, was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa in July 2015. Mr. 
Laguarta previously served as Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Europe from January 2015 to July 2015, as 
President, Developing & Emerging Markets, PepsiCo Europe from 2012 to January 2015 and as President, 
PepsiCo Eastern Europe Region from 2008 to 2012. Mr. Laguarta joined PepsiCo in 1996 as a marketing 
vice president for Spain Snacks and served in a variety of positions, including as Commercial Vice President 
of PepsiCo Europe from 2006 to 2008, General Manager for Iberia Snacks and Juices from 2002 to 2006 
and General Manager for Greece Snacks from 1999 to 2001. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 1996, Mr. Laguarta 
worked for Chupa Chups, S.A., where he worked in several international assignments in Europe and the 
United States.
30
Page#50
Table of Contents
Laxman Narasimhan, 49, was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Latin America in July 2015. Mr. 
Narasimhan previously served as Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Latin America Foods from 2014 to July 
2015 and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PepsiCo Americas Foods, a business unit 
that had previously included the Company’s Frito-Lay North America, Quaker Foods North America and 
Latin America Foods divisions, from 2012 to 2014. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 2012, Mr. Narasimhan spent 
19 years at McKinsey & Company, where he served in various positions, including as a director and location 
manager of the New Delhi office and co-leader of the global consumer and shopper insights practice.
Indra K. Nooyi, 61, has been PepsiCo’s Chief Executive Officer since 2006 and assumed the role of Chairman 
of PepsiCo’s Board of Directors in 2007. She was elected to PepsiCo’s Board of Directors and became 
President and Chief Financial Officer in 2001, after serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer since 2000. Ms. Nooyi also served as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and 
Development from 1996 until 2000, and as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning from 1994 
until 1996. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Ms. Nooyi spent four years as Senior Vice President of Strategy, Planning 
and Strategic Marketing for Asea Brown Boveri, Inc. She was also Vice President and Director of Corporate 
Strategy and Planning at Motorola, Inc. Ms. Nooyi has served as a director of Schlumberger Ltd. since 2015.
Vivek Sankaran, 54 was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer, Frito-Lay North America, 
effective April 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Sankaran served as Chief Operating Officer, Frito-Lay North America 
from February 2016 to April 2016; Chief Commercial Officer, North America from 2014 to February 2016; 
Chief Customer Officer for Frito-Lay North America from 2012 to 2014; Senior Vice President and General 
Manager, Frito-Lay North America’s south business unit from 2011 to 2012; and Senior Vice President, 
Corporate Strategy and Development from 2009 to 2010. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 2009, Mr. Sankaran 
was a partner at McKinsey & Company, where he advised Fortune 100 companies with a focus on retail and 
high tech and co-led the North America purchasing and supply management practice.
Kirk Tanner, 48, was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer, North America Beverages, effective 
April 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Tanner served as Chief Operating Officer, North America Beverages and 
President, Global Foodservice from December 2015 to April 2016 and President, Global Foodservice from 
2014 to December 2015. Mr. Tanner joined PepsiCo in 1992, where he has worked in numerous domestic 
and international locations and in a variety of roles, including senior vice president of Frito-Lay North 
America’s west region from 2009 to 2013; vice president, sales of PepsiCo UK and Ireland from 2008 to 
2009; region vice president, Frito-Lay North America’s Mountain region from 2005 to 2008; region vice 
president, Frito-Lay North America’s Mid-America region from 2002 to 2005; and region vice president, 
Frito-Lay North America’s California region from 2000 to 2002. 
Cynthia M. Trudell, 63, has been Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Chief Human Resources 
Officer, PepsiCo since April 2011 and was PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President, Chief Personnel Officer from 
2007 until April 2011. Ms. Trudell served as a director of PepsiCo from 2000 until 2007. She was formerly 
Vice President of Brunswick Corporation and President of Sea Ray Group from 2001 until 2006. From 1999 
until 2001, Ms. Trudell served as Vice President of General Motors (GM), and Chairman and President of 
Saturn Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GM. Ms. Trudell began her career with the Ford Motor 
Co. as a chemical process engineer. In 1981, she joined GM and held various engineering and manufacturing 
supervisory positions. In 1995, she became plant manager at GM’s Wilmington Assembly Center in 
Delaware. In 1996, she became President of IBC Vehicles in Luton, England, a joint venture between General 
Motors and Isuzu.
Tony West, 51, has been PepsiCo’s Executive Vice President, Government Affairs, General Counsel and 
Corporate Secretary since November 2014. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Mr. West served as Associate Attorney 
General of the United States from 2012 to 2014, after previously serving as the Assistant Attorney General 
for the Civil Division in the U.S. Department of Justice from 2009 to 2012. From 2001 to 2009, Mr. West 
31
Page#51
Table of Contents
was a partner at Morrison & Foerster LLP. He also served as Special Assistant Attorney General at the 
California Department of Justice from 1999 to 2001 and, prior to that, as an Assistant United States Attorney 
in the Northern District of California.
Executive officers are elected by our Board of Directors, and their terms of office continue until the next 
annual meeting of the Board or until their successors are elected and have qualified. There are no family 
relationships among our executive officers.
32
Page#52
Table of Contents
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
of Equity Securities.
Stock Trading Symbol – PEP
Stock Exchange Listings – The New York Stock Exchange is the principal market for our common stock, 
which is also listed on the Chicago Stock Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange.
Stock Prices – The quarterly composite high and low sales prices for PepsiCo common stock as reported on 
the New York Stock Exchange for each fiscal quarter of 2016 and 2015 are contained in “Item 6. Selected 
Financial Data.”
Shareholders – As of February 7, 2017, there were approximately 125,692 shareholders of record of our 
common stock. 
Dividends – We have paid consecutive quarterly cash dividends since 1965. The declaration and payment of 
future dividends are at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Dividends are usually declared in February, 
May, July and November and paid at the end of March, June and September and the beginning of January. 
On February 2, 2017, the Board of PepsiCo declared a quarterly dividend of $0.7525 payable March 31, 
2017, to shareholders of record on March 3, 2017. For the remainder of 2017, the dividend record dates for 
these payments are expected to be June 2, September 1 and December 1, 2017, subject to approval of the 
Board of Directors. Information with respect to the quarterly dividends declared in 2016 and 2015 is contained 
in “Item 6. Selected Financial Data.”
For information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see “Item 12. 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.”
33
Page#53
Table of Contents
A summary of our common stock repurchases (in millions, except average price per share) during the fourth 
quarter of 2016 is set forth in the table below. 
Issuer Purchases of Common Stock
Total Number of Maximum Number (or 
Shares Approximate 
Total Purchased as Dollar Value) of 
Number of Average Part of Publicly Shares that May Yet Be 
Shares Price Paid Announced Plans Purchased Under the Plans 
(a) (b)
Period Repurchased Per Share or Programs or Programs
9/3/2016 $ 8,240
9/4/2016 - 10/1/2016 2.2 $ 106.31 2.2 (238)
8,002
10/2/2016 - 10/29/2016 2.1 $ 106.47 2.1 (220)
7,782
10/30/2016 - 11/26/2016 2.4 $ 104.18 2.4 (245)
7,537
11/27/2016 - 12/31/2016 1.8 $ 102.40 1.8 (185)
Total 8.5 $ 104.92 8.5 $ 7,352
(a) All shares were repurchased in open market transactions pursuant to publicly announced repurchase programs, other than 27 
thousand shares of common stock which were repurchased pursuant to a privately negotiated block trade transaction.
(b) Includes shares authorized for repurchase under the $12 billion repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors and 
publicly announced on February 11, 2015, which commenced on July 1, 2015 and expires on June 30, 2018. Such shares may 
be repurchased in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions, in accelerated stock repurchase transactions 
or otherwise.
34
Page#54
Table of Contents
In connection with our merger with The Quaker Oats Company (Quaker) in 2001, shares of our convertible 
preferred stock were authorized and issued to an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) fund established 
by Quaker. The preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of convertible preferred stock are 
set forth in Exhibit A to our amended and restated articles of incorporation. Quaker made the final award to 
the ESOP in June 2001. The Company does not have any authorized, but unissued, “blank check preferred 
stock.” PepsiCo repurchases shares of its convertible preferred stock from the ESOP in connection with share 
redemptions by ESOP participants.
The following table summarizes our convertible preferred share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 
2016. 
Issuer Purchases of Convertible Preferred Stock
Maximum
Number (or
Total Number Approximate
of Shares Dollar Value) of
Purchased as Shares that May
Total Part of Publicly Yet Be
Number of Average Announced Purchased
Shares Price Paid Per Plans or Under the Plans
Period Repurchased Share Programs or Programs
9/4/2016 - 10/1/2016 — $ — N/A N/A
10/2/2016 - 10/29/2016 1,000 $ 523.89 N/A N/A
10/30/2016 - 11/26/2016 1,000 $ 505.43 N/A N/A
11/27/2016 - 12/31/2016 3,800 $ 518.78 N/A N/A
Total 5,800 $ 517.36 N/A N/A
35
Page#55
Table of Contents
Item 6. Selected Financial Data.
Five-Year Summary
(unaudited, in millions except per share amounts)
 
The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with “Item 7. Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated financial statements and 
accompanying notes thereto. Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of each December and our fiscal year 
2016 comprised fifty-three reporting weeks while all other fiscal years presented in the tables below comprised 
fifty-two reporting weeks.
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012
(a)
Net revenue $ 62,799 $ 63,056 $ 66,683 $ 66,415 $ 65,492
Operating profit $ 9,785 $ 8,353 $ 9,581 $ 9,705 $ 9,112
Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 6,329 $ 5,452 $ 6,513 $ 6,740 $ 6,178
Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common
share – basic $ 4.39 $ 3.71 $ 4.31 $ 4.37 $ 3.96
Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common
share – diluted $ 4.36 $ 3.67 $ 4.27 $ 4.32 $ 3.92
Cash dividends declared per common share $ 2.96 $ 2.7625 $ 2.5325 $ 2.24 $ 2.1275
Total assets $ 74,129 $ 69,667 $ 70,509 $ 77,478 $ 74,638
Long-term debt $ 30,053 $ 29,213 $ 23,821 $ 24,333 $ 23,544
rd 
(a) Our fiscal 2016 results include an extra week of results. The 53 reporting week increased 2016 net revenue by $657 million, including 
$294 million in our FLNA segment, $43 million in our QFNA segment, $300 million in our NAB segment and $20 million in our ESSA 
segment. 
The following information highlights certain items that impacted our results of operations and financial 
condition for the five years presented above:
 2016
Net income 
Net income attributable to 
Provision 
attributable to Net income PepsiCo per 
for income 
Operating Interest noncontrolling attributable common share – 
(b)
profit expense taxes interests to PepsiCo diluted
(c)
Mark-to-market net impact $ 167 $ — $ (56) $ — $ 111 $ 0.08
(d)
Restructuring and impairment charges $ (160) $ — $ 26 $ 3 $ (131) $ (0.09)
Charge related to the transaction with 
 Tingyi (e) $ (373) $ — $ — $ — $ (373) $ (0.26)
(f)
Charge related to debt redemption $ — $ (233) $ 77 $ — $ (156) $ (0.11)
(g)
Pension-related settlement charge $ (242) $ — $ 80 $ — $ (162) $ (0.11)
rd (h)
53 reporting week $ 126 $ (19) $ (44) $ (1) $ 62 $ 0.04
36
Page#56
Table of Contents
 2015
Net income 
attributable to 
Provision for 
Net income PepsiCo per 
income 
Operating attributable to common share – 
(b)
profit taxes PepsiCo diluted
(c)
Mark-to-market net impact $ 11 $ (3) $ 8 $ —
(d)
Restructuring and impairment charges $ (230) $ 46 $ (184) $ (0.12)
(e)
Charge related to the transaction with Tingyi $ (73) $ — $ (73) $ (0.05)
(g)
Pension-related settlement benefits $ 67 $ (25) $ 42 $ 0.03
(i)
Venezuela impairment charges $ (1,359) $ — $ (1,359) $ (0.91)
(j)
Tax benefit $ — $ 230 $ 230 $ 0.15
(k)
Müller Quaker Dairy (MQD) impairment $ (76) $ 28 $ (48) $ (0.03)
(l)
Gain on beverage refranchising $ 39 $ (11) $ 28 $ 0.02
(m)
Other productivity initiatives $ (90) $ 24 $ (66) $ (0.04)
(n)
Joint venture impairment charge $ (29) $ — $ (29) $ (0.02)
 2014
Net income 
Net income attributable to 
Provision for 
attributable to Net income PepsiCo per 
income 
Operating noncontrolling attributable to common share – 
 (b)
profit taxes interests PepsiCo diluted
(c)
Mark-to-market net impact $ (68) $ 24 $ — $ (44) $ (0.03)
(d)
Restructuring and impairment charges $ (418) $ 99 $ 3 $ (316) $ (0.21)
(g)
Pension-related settlement charge $ (141) $ 53 $ — $ (88) $ (0.06)
(o)
Venezuela remeasurement charge $ (105) $ — $ — $ (105) $ (0.07)
(p)
Gain on sale of agricultural assets $ 31 $ 3 $ — $ 34 $ 0.02
(m)
Other productivity initiatives $ (67) $ 13 $ — $ (54) $ (0.04)
 2013
Net income 
attributable to 
Net income PepsiCo per 
Provision for 
Operating attributable to common share – 
 (b)
profit income taxes PepsiCo diluted
(c)
Mark-to-market net impact $ (72) $ 28 $ (44) $ (0.03)
(d)
Restructuring and impairment charges $ (163) $ 34 $ (129) $ (0.08)
(j)
Tax benefit $ — $ 209 $ 209 $ 0.13
(o)
Venezuela remeasurement charge $ (111) $ — $ (111) $ (0.07)
(q)
Merger and integration charges $ (10) $ 2 $ (8) $ (0.01)
 (l)
Gain on beverage refranchising $ 137 $ — $ 137 $ 0.09
37
Page#57
Table of Contents
 2012
Net income 
attributable to 
Net income PepsiCo per 
Provision for 
Operating Interest attributable to common share – 
 (b)
profit expense income taxes PepsiCo diluted
(c)
Mark-to-market net impact $ 65 $ — $ (24) $ 41 $ 0.03
(d)
Restructuring and impairment charges $ (279) $ — $ 64 $ (215) $ (0.14)
Restructuring and other charges related to
 
(e)
the transaction with Tingyi $ (150) $ — $ (26) $ (176) $ (0.11)
(g)
Pension-related settlement charge $ (195) $ — $ 64 $ (131) $ (0.08)
(j)
Tax benefit $ — $ — $ 217 $ 217 $ 0.14
(q)
Merger and integration charges $ (11) $ (5) $ 4 $ (12) $ (0.01)
 
(b) Provision for income taxes is the expected tax benefit/charge on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable 
to the underlying item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction.
(c) Mark-to-market net gains and losses on commodity hedges recorded in corporate unallocated expenses.
(d) Recorded charges related to the 2014 Multi-Year Productivity Plan (2014 Productivity Plan) and 2012 Multi-Year Productivity Plan (2012 
Productivity Plan). See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.
(e) In 2016, recorded an impairment charge in the AMENA segment to reduce the value of our 5% indirect equity interest in Tingyi-Asahi 
Beverages Holding Co. Ltd. (TAB) to its estimated fair value. In 2015, recorded a write-off in the AMENA segment of the value of a call 
option to increase our holding in TAB to 20%. In 2012, recorded restructuring and other charges related to the transaction with Tingyi. See 
Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements.
(f) In 2016, recorded a charge to interest expense, primarily representing the premium paid in accordance with the “make-whole” redemption 
provisions to redeem all of our outstanding 7.900% senior notes due 2018 and 5.125% senior notes due 2019 for the principal amounts of 
$1.5 billion and $750 million, respectively. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements. 
(g) In 2016, recorded a pension settlement charge in corporate unallocated expenses related to the purchase of a group annuity contract. In 
2015, recognized benefits in the NAB segment associated with the settlement of pension-related liabilities from previous acquisitions. In 
2014 and 2012, recorded lump sum settlement charges in corporate unallocated expenses related to payments for pension liabilities to certain 
former employees who had vested benefits.
rd
(h) Our fiscal 2016 results include the 53 reporting week, the impact of which was fully offset by incremental investments in our business. 
(i) In 2015, recorded charges in the Latin America segment related to the impairment of investments in our wholly-owned Venezuelan 
subsidiaries and beverage joint venture. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, our financial results have not included the results of our 
Venezuelan businesses. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.
(j) In 2015, recognized a non-cash tax benefit associated with our agreement with the IRS resolving substantially all open matters related to 
the audits for taxable years 2010 through 2011, which reduced our reserve for uncertain tax positions for the tax years 2010 through 2011. 
In 2013, recognized a non-cash tax benefit associated with our agreement with the IRS resolving all open matters related to the audits for 
taxable years 2003 through 2009, which reduced our reserve for uncertain tax positions for the tax years 2003 through 2012. In 2012, 
recognized a non-cash tax benefit associated with a favorable tax court decision related to the classification of financial instruments.
(k) In 2015, recognized impairment charges in the QFNA segment associated with our MQD joint venture investment, including a charge 
related to ceasing its operations.
(l) In 2015, recognized a gain in the AMENA segment associated with refranchising a portion of our beverage businesses in India. In 2013, 
recognized a gain in connection with the refranchising of our beverage business in Vietnam, which was offset by incremental investments 
in our business.
(m) Recorded charges related to other productivity initiatives outside the scope of the 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans. See Note 3 to our 
consolidated financial statements.
(n) In 2015, recorded an impairment charge in the AMENA segment associated with a joint venture in the Middle East.
(o) In 2014, recorded a net charge related to our remeasurement of the bolivar for certain net monetary assets of our Venezuelan businesses. 
$126 million of this charge was recorded in corporate unallocated expenses, with the balance (equity income of $21 million) recorded in 
our Latin America segment. In 2013, recorded a net charge related to the devaluation of the bolivar for our Venezuelan businesses. $124 
million of this charge was recorded in corporate unallocated expenses, with the balance (equity income of $13 million) recorded in our 
Latin America segment. 
(p) In 2014, recorded a gain in the ESSA segment associated with the sale of agricultural assets in Russia.
(q) In 2013 and 2012, incurred merger and integration charges in the ESSA segment related to our acquisition of Wimm-Bill-Dann Foods OJSC.
38
Page#58
Table of Contents
Selected Quarterly Financial Data
Selected financial data for 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows and highlights certain items that impacted 
our quarterly results (in millions except per share amounts, unaudited):
2016 2015
First Second Third Fourth First Second Third Fourth
  Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter
(a)
Net revenue $ 11,862 $ 15,395 $ 16,027 $ 19,515 $ 12,217 $ 15,923 $ 16,331 $ 18,585
Gross profit $ 6,711 $ 8,565 $ 8,743 $ 10,571 $ 6,775 $ 8,756 $ 8,936 $ 10,205
Operating profit $ 1,619 $ 2,964 $ 2,821 $ 2,381 $ 1,797 $ 2,900 $ 1,416 $ 2,240
(b)
Mark-to-market net gains/(losses) $ 46 $ 100 $ (39) $ 60 $ (1) $ 39 $ (28) $ 1
Restructuring and impairment 
charges (c) $ (30) $ (49) $ (27) $ (54) $ (36) $ (25) $ (52) $ (117)
Charges related to the transaction 
(d)
with Tingyi $ (373) — — — — — $ (73) —
(e)
Charge related to debt redemption — — — $ (233) — — — —
Pension-related settlement (charge)/
benefits (f) — — — $ (242) — — $ 37 $ 30
rd (g)
53 reporting week — — — $ 126 — — — —
(h)
Other productivity initiatives — — — — — — $ (44) $ (46)
 (i)
Venezuela impairment charges — — — — — — $ (1,359) —
(j)
Tax benefit — — — — — — — $ 230
(k)
MQD impairment — — — — $ (65) — — $ (11)
(l)
Gain on beverage refranchising — — — — $ 39 — — —
(m)
Joint venture impairment charge — — — — — — $ (29) —
Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 931 $ 2,005 $ 1,992 $ 1,401 $ 1,221 $ 1,980 $ 533 $ 1,718
Net income attributable to PepsiCo
per common share
Basic $ 0.64 $ 1.39 $ 1.38 $ 0.98 $ 0.82 $ 1.34 $ 0.36 $ 1.18
Diluted $ 0.64 $ 1.38 $ 1.37 $ 0.97 $ 0.81 $ 1.33 $ 0.36 $ 1.17
Cash dividends declared per
common share $ 0.7025 $ 0.7525 $ 0.7525 $ 0.7525 $ 0.655 $ 0.7025 $ 0.7025 $ 0.7025
(n)
Stock price per share 
High $ 102.12 $ 106.94 $ 110.94 $ 109.71 $ 100.76 $ 98.44 $ 100.61 $ 103.44
Low $ 93.25 $ 100.00 $ 101.30 $ 98.50 $ 92.24 $ 92.72 $ 76.48 $ 90.43
rd
(a) Our fiscal 2016 results include a 53 reporting week which increased 2016 net revenue by $657 million, including $294 million in our 
FLNA segment, $43 million in our QFNA segment, $300 million in our NAB segment and $20 million in our ESSA segment.
(b) Mark-to-market net gains and losses on commodity hedges recorded in corporate unallocated expenses.
(c) Recorded charges related to the 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.
(d) In 2016, recorded an impairment charge in the AMENA segment to reduce the value of our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB to its estimated 
fair value. In 2015, recorded a write-off in the AMENA segment of the value of a call option to increase our holding in TAB to 20%. See 
Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements.
(e) In 2016, recorded a charge to interest expense, primarily representing the premium paid in accordance with the “make-whole” redemption 
provisions to redeem all of our outstanding 7.900% senior notes due 2018 and 5.125% senior notes due 2019 for the principal amounts of 
$1.5 billion and $750 million, respectively. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements.
(f) In 2016, recorded a pension settlement charge in corporate unallocated expenses related to the purchase of a group annuity contract. In 
2015, recognized benefits in the NAB segment associated with the settlement of pension-related liabilities from previous acquisitions.
rd
(g) Our fiscal 2016 results include the 53 reporting week, the impact of which was fully offset by incremental investments in our business. 
(h) Recorded charges related to other productivity initiatives outside the scope of the 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans. There were no material 
charges in 2016. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. 
(i) In 2015, recorded charges in the Latin America segment related to the impairment of investments in our wholly-owned Venezuelan 
subsidiaries and beverage joint venture. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, our financial results have not included the results of our 
Venezuelan businesses. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.
(j) In 2015, recognized a non-cash tax benefit associated with our agreement with the IRS resolving substantially all open matters related to 
the audits for taxable years 2010 through 2011, which reduced our reserve for uncertain tax positions for the tax years 2010 through 2011.
(k) In 2015, recognized impairment charges in the QFNA segment associated with our MQD joint venture investment, including a charge 
related to ceasing its operations.
39
Page#59
Table of Contents
(l) In 2015, recognized a gain in the AMENA segment associated with refranchising a portion of our beverage businesses in India.
(m) In 2015, recorded an impairment charge in the AMENA segment associated with a joint venture in the Middle East.
(n) Reflects the quarterly composite high and low sales prices for one share of PepsiCo common stock as reported on the New York Stock 
Exchange.
40
Page#60
Table of Contents
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
OUR BUSINESS
Executive Overview 42
Our Operations 43
Other Relationships 44
Our Business Risks 44
OUR CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Revenue Recognition 47
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 48
Income Tax Expense and Accruals 50
Pension and Retiree Medical Plans 50
OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS
Results of Operations – Consolidated Review 54
Non-GAAP Measures 57
Items Affecting Comparability 59
Results of Operations – Division Review 62
Frito-Lay North America 64
Quaker Foods North America 65
North America Beverages 66
Latin America 67
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa 69
Asia, Middle East and North Africa 70
Our Liquidity and Capital Resources 72
Return on Invested Capital 75
Consolidated Statement of Income 76
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 77
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 78
Consolidated Balance Sheet 79
Consolidated Statement of Equity 80
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Our Divisions 81
Note 2 – Our Significant Accounting Policies 86
Note 3 – Restructuring and Impairment Charges 91
Note 4 – Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets 95
Note 5 – Income Taxes 98
Note 6 – Share-Based Compensation 101
Note 7 – Pension, Retiree Medical and Savings Plans 105
Note 8 – Debt Obligations 114
Note 9 – Financial Instruments 115
Note 10 – Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per Common Share 120
Note 11 – Preferred Stock 121
Note 12 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Attributable to PepsiCo 122
Note 13 – Supplemental Financial Information 124
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING 126
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 128
GLOSSARY 129
41
Page#61
Table of Contents
Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial 
condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial 
statements and the accompanying notes. Definitions of key terms can be found in the glossary beginning on 
page 129. Tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts reflect 
common stock per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded 
amounts. Percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts.
OUR BUSINESS
Executive Overview 
We are a leading global food and beverage company with a complementary portfolio of enjoyable brands, 
including Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. Through our operations, authorized 
bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety 
of convenient and enjoyable beverages, foods and snacks, serving customers and consumers in more than 
200 countries and territories.
Our management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial 
condition. These indicators include growth in volume, net revenue, organic revenue, operating profit (as 
reported and excluding certain items and the impact of foreign exchange translation), earnings per share 
(EPS) (as reported and excluding certain items and the impact of foreign exchange translation), retail sales, 
market share, safety, innovation, product and service quality, organizational health, brand equity, media 
viewership and engagement, employee diversity, net commodity inflation, productivity savings, net capital 
spending, free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items, cash returned to shareholders in the 
forms of share repurchases and dividends, advertising and marketing expenses, research and development 
expenditures, return on invested capital (ROIC) and net ROIC (excluding certain items), and gross and 
operating margins (as reported and excluding certain items).
At PepsiCo, we believe our performance is inextricably linked to the sustainability of the world in which we 
operate. We call this approach Performance with Purpose and it is embedded into our business and our 
strategy. Our commitment to Performance with Purpose enabled us to meet or exceed every financial goal 
we set for 2016. During 2016, we also continued our focus on productivity, prudent capital allocation, reducing 
our cash flow cycle, operating with a leaner cost structure and embracing innovation. For example, since 
2012 our productivity agenda has delivered approximately $1 billion in annual savings by pursuing cost-
saving measures ranging from developing agricultural technologies to sourcing more of our foods and 
beverages locally. We continued to embrace automation across the Company, leveraging new tools that we 
believe will deliver higher rates of production in the United States and around the world. We also continued 
to focus on skills upgrading and job retraining, creating new opportunities for our workers which we believe 
will help us navigate continued geopolitical uncertainty and unrest.
As we look to 2017 and beyond, we believe our Performance with Purpose strategy will enable us to continue 
delivering strong financial results while positioning our Company for long-term sustainable growth. We 
recently announced new Performance with Purpose goals for the next ten years. We plan to continue to focus 
on making healthier foods and beverages for our consumers, generating healthy growth for our retail and 
foodservice partners; fostering a healthier planet by reducing our environmental impact and boosting our 
bottom line; creating a healthy workplace and culture for our associates; and promoting healthier communities 
wherever we operate. 
Our strategies are also designed to address key challenges facing our Company, including: consumer demand 
for healthier products; taxes or other limitations on the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products in 
a changing regulatory environment; uncertain and volatile macroeconomic conditions, including currency 
42
Page#62
Table of Contents
fluctuations; climate change and water scarcity; and political, economic and social instability. See also “Item 
1A. Risk Factors” for additional information about risks and uncertainties that the Company faces. We believe 
that many of these challenges also create new opportunities for our Company and we intend to focus on the 
following areas to address and adapt to these challenges and capitalize on these opportunities:
Healthier products.
Consumer demand continues to shift towards healthier products, while the risk of regulation, including 
taxation of certain products, continues to intensify. Given these consumer and regulatory shifts, we continue 
to shift our portfolio toward more “good-for-you” and “better-for-you” products, through both organic 
innovation and strategic mergers and acquisitions. We have increased our investment in research and 
development by 45 percent since 2011, investing approximately $3.5 billion on research and development 
cumulatively over the past five years. 
Healthy retail growth.
Our success is dependent on the success of our retail partners. We continue to collaborate with our retail 
partners to sell our products faster, increase cash flow and engage consumers. We also intend to continue to 
invest in building the new capabilities we will need to succeed in the digital marketplace, including the 
evolving e-commerce landscape, and to focus on building and sustaining strong relationships with our retail 
partners. 
A healthier planet.
As a global food and beverage manufacturer, our success depends on the availability of key natural resources 
required to make our products, including water. We believe that embracing environmentally responsible 
business practices, such as water conservation, water replenishment and energy efficiency will help sustain 
our business. We continue to take steps to reduce our environmental footprint, which also allows us to 
streamline costs and reinvest savings in our business. By improving our water and energy efficiency, reducing 
packaging materials, cutting waste and promoting sustainable farming practices around the world, we have 
saved over $600 million over the past five years. 
A healthy workplace.
Our associates are our most valuable asset. We believe that by engaging our associates with opportunities 
for personal development and promoting ethics in the workplace we can attract the best talent, enhance 
productivity, spur innovation and position our company to successfully navigate a constantly changing 
macroeconomic environment.
Healthier communities.
We are a global company, operating in more than 200 countries and territories, but we consider ourselves to 
be a member of every local community where we operate. By being responsible and responsive to the needs 
of our communities, we believe we strengthen our business, positioning the Company for long-term success. 
Our Operations
See “Item 1. Business.” for information on our divisions and a description of our distribution network, 
ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers and competition. 
In addition, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our divisions 
and geographic areas. 
43
Page#63
Table of Contents
Other Relationships
Certain members of our Board of Directors also serve on the boards of certain vendors and customers. These 
Board members do not participate in our vendor selection and negotiations nor in our customer negotiations. 
Our transactions with these vendors and customers are in the normal course of business and are consistent 
with terms negotiated with other vendors and customers. In addition, certain of our employees serve on the 
boards of Pepsi Bottling Ventures LLC and other affiliated companies of PepsiCo and do not receive 
incremental compensation for such services.
Our Business Risks
We are subject to risks in the normal course of business. During 2016 and 2015, certain jurisdictions in which 
our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold operated in a challenging environment, experiencing 
unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, debt and credit issues, and currency 
fluctuations. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets 
closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have 
either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, sale or distribution 
of our products, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or commodities used 
in the production of our products. These taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including 
non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, 
some measures apply a single tax rate per liquid ounce while others apply a graduated tax rate depending 
upon the amount of added sugar in the beverage. 
We sell a wide variety of beverages, foods and snack in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile 
of the products we sell, and the amount of revenue attributable to such products, varies by jurisdiction. 
Because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes or other potential limitations on our 
products may take, and therefore cannot predict the impact of such taxes or limitations on our financial 
results. In addition, taxes and limitations may impact us and our competitors differently. We continue to 
monitor existing and proposed taxes in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, 
distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if 
any, of such taxes or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition, 
form and scope of any such taxes or limitations.
See also “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Executive Overview” above and “Market Risks” below for more 
information about these risks and the actions we have taken to address key challenges.
Risk Management Framework
The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks. To identify, assess, prioritize, 
address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the Company’s operations, we leverage an 
integrated risk management framework. This framework includes the following:
• PepsiCo’s Board of Directors has oversight responsibility for PepsiCo’s integrated risk management 
framework. One of the Board’s primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with senior 
management with respect to key aspects of the Company’s business, including risk assessment and 
risk mitigation of the Company’s top risks. The Board receives updates on key risks throughout the 
year. In addition, the Board has tasked designated Committees of the Board with oversight of certain 
categories of risk management, and the Committees report to the Board regularly on these matters.
The Audit Committee of the Board reviews and assesses the guidelines and policies governing 
PepsiCo’s risk management and oversight processes, and assists the Board’s oversight of 
financial, compliance and employee safety risks facing PepsiCo; 
44
Page#64
Table of Contents
The Compensation Committee of the Board reviews PepsiCo’s employee compensation 
policies and practices to assess whether such policies and practices could lead to unnecessary 
risk-taking behavior; and
In 2017, the Board established a Public Policy and Sustainability Committee to assist the 
Board in its oversight of PepsiCo’s policies, programs and related risks that concern key 
public policy and sustainability matters.
• The PepsiCo Risk Committee (PRC), which is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically 
diverse, senior management group, including PepsiCo’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive 
Officer, meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, 
compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. The PRC is also responsible for reporting progress 
on our risk mitigation efforts to the Board;
• Division and key country risk committees, comprised of cross-functional senior management teams, 
meet regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address division and country-specific business risks;
• PepsiCo’s Risk Management Office, which manages the overall risk management process, provides 
ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the PRC and the division and key country risk 
committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between 
the parties, as well as with PepsiCo’s Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board;
• PepsiCo’s Corporate Audit Department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal 
controls through periodic audit and review procedures; and
• PepsiCo’s Compliance & Ethics Department leads and coordinates our compliance policies and 
practices.
Market Risks
We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in:
•  commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy;
•  foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and
•  interest rates.
In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. 
Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-
saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. Our global purchasing programs include 
fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. See “Unfavorable economic conditions 
may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.” and “Our business, 
financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by increased costs, disruption of supply 
or shortages of raw materials, energy, water and other supplies.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” See “Our 
Liquidity and Capital Resources” for further information on our non-cancelable purchasing commitments. 
The fair value of our derivatives fluctuates based on market rates and prices. The sensitivity of our derivatives 
to these market fluctuations is discussed below. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further 
discussion of these derivatives and our hedging policies. See “Our Critical Accounting Policies” for a 
discussion of the exposure of our pension and retiree medical plan assets and liabilities to risks related to 
market fluctuations.
Inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions impacting these market risks also impact the demand 
for and pricing of our products. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for further discussion.
45
Page#65
Table of Contents
Commodity Prices
Our commodity derivatives had a total notional value of $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $1.0 billion 
as of December 26, 2015. At the end of 2016, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative 
instruments, assuming a 10% decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have decreased our net 
unrealized gains in 2016 by $89 million.
Foreign Exchange
Our operations outside of the United States generated 42% of our net revenue in 2016, with Mexico, Canada, 
Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil comprising approximately 19% of our net revenue in 2016. As a 
result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made, 
manufactured, distributed or sold. During 2016, unfavorable foreign exchange negatively impacted net 
revenue performance by 3 percentage points, primarily due to the Mexican peso, Russian ruble, Pound 
sterling, Egyptian pound, Argentine peso and the Canadian dollar. Currency declines against the U.S. dollar 
which are not offset could adversely impact our future financial results.
In addition, volatile economic, political and social conditions and civil unrest in certain markets in which 
our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in Brazil, China, Greece, India, Mexico, 
the Middle East, Russia and Turkey, and currency fluctuations in certain of these international markets 
continue to result in challenging operating environments. We also continue to monitor the economic and 
political developments related to the referendum in the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, and 
the potential impact, if any, for the ESSA segment and our other businesses.
Starting in 2014, Russia announced economic sanctions against the United States and other nations that 
include a ban on imports of certain ingredients and finished goods from specific countries. These sanctions 
have not had and are not expected to have a material impact on the results of our operations in Russia or our 
consolidated results or financial position, and we will continue to monitor the economic, operating and 
political environment in Russia closely. For the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and 
December 27, 2014, total net revenue generated by our operations in Russia represented 4%, 4% and 7% of 
our consolidated net revenue, respectively. As of December 31, 2016, our long-lived assets in Russia were 
$4.4 billion. 
Our foreign currency derivatives had a total notional value of $1.6 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $2.1 
billion as of December 26, 2015. The total notional amount of our debt instruments designated as net 
investment hedges was $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2016. At the end of 2016, we estimate that an 
unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have decreased our net unrealized gains in 
2016 by $122 million.
Conditions in Venezuela, including restrictive exchange control regulations and reduced access to U.S. dollars 
through official currency exchange markets, have resulted in an other-than-temporary lack of exchangeability 
between the Venezuelan bolivar and the U.S. dollar. The exchange restrictions and other conditions have 
significantly impacted our ability to effectively manage our businesses in Venezuela, including limiting our 
ability to import certain raw materials and to settle U.S. dollar-denominated obligations, and have restricted 
our ability to realize the earnings generated out of our Venezuelan businesses. We expect these conditions 
will continue for the foreseeable future. 
As a result of these factors, we concluded that, effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015, we did 
not meet the accounting criteria for control over our wholly-owned Venezuelan subsidiaries, and we no longer 
had significant influence over our beverage joint venture with our franchise bottler in Venezuela. Therefore, 
effective at the end of the third quarter of 2015, we deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiaries and began 
accounting for our investments in our Venezuelan subsidiaries and joint venture using the cost method of 
46
Page#66
Table of Contents
accounting. We reduced the value of the cost method investments to their estimated fair values, resulting in 
a full impairment. The factors that led to our conclusions at the end of the third quarter of 2015 continued 
to exist through the end of 2016. For further information, please refer to Note 1 to our consolidated financial 
statements and “Items Affecting Comparability.” 
Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, our financial results have not included the results of our Venezuelan 
businesses. We do not have any guarantees related to our Venezuelan entities, and our ongoing contractual 
commitments to our Venezuelan businesses are not material. We will recognize income from dividends and 
sales of inventory to our Venezuelan entities, which have not been and are not expected to be material, to 
the extent cash in U.S. dollars is received. We did not receive any cash in U.S. dollars from our Venezuelan 
entities during the fourth quarter of 2015 or fiscal year 2016. We will continue to monitor the conditions in 
Venezuela and their impact on our accounting and disclosures. In 2015, the results of our operations in 
Venezuela, which include the months of January through August, generated 2% of net revenue and 2% of 
operating profit, prior to the impairment charges of $1.4 billion.
Interest Rates
Our interest rate derivatives had a total notional value of $11.2 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $12.5 
billion as of December 26, 2015. Assuming year-end 2016 investment levels and variable rate debt, a 1-
percentage-point increase in interest rates would have decreased our net interest expense in 2016 by $20 
million due to higher cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments levels as compared with our 
variable rate debt.
OUR CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
An appreciation of our critical accounting policies is necessary to understand our financial results. These 
policies may require management to make difficult and subjective judgments regarding uncertainties, and 
as a result, such estimates may significantly impact our financial results. The precision of these estimates 
and the likelihood of future changes depend on a number of underlying variables and a range of possible 
outcomes. Other than our accounting for pension and retiree medical plans, our critical accounting policies 
do not involve a choice between alternative methods of accounting. With the exception of our change in 2016 
to the full yield approach to estimate the service and interest cost components for our pension and retiree 
medical plans as described below, we applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods 
consistently in all material respects, and for all periods presented. We have discussed our critical accounting 
policies with our Audit Committee.
Our critical accounting policies are:
• revenue recognition;
• goodwill and other intangible assets;
• income tax expense and accruals; and
• pension and retiree medical plans.
Revenue Recognition
Our products are sold for cash or on credit terms. Our credit terms, which are established in accordance with 
local and industry practices, typically require payment within 30 days of delivery in the United States, and 
generally within 30 to 90 days internationally, and may allow discounts for early payment. We recognize 
revenue upon shipment or delivery to our customers based on written sales terms that do not allow for a right 
of return. However, our policy for DSD and certain chilled products is to remove and replace damaged and 
out-of-date products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality and freshness 
they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain warehouse-distributed products is to replace damaged and out-
47
Page#67
Table of Contents
of-date products. Based on our experience with this practice, we have reserved for anticipated damaged and 
out-of-date products.
Our policy is to provide customers with product when needed. In fact, our commitment to freshness and 
product dating serves to regulate the quantity of product shipped or delivered. In addition, DSD products are 
placed on the shelf by our employees with customer shelf space and storerooms limiting the quantity of 
product. For product delivered through other distribution networks, we monitor customer inventory levels.
As discussed in “Our Customers” in “Item 1. Business,” we offer sales incentives and discounts through 
various programs to customers and consumers. Total marketplace spending includes sales incentives, 
discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales incentives and discounts are primarily accounted 
for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to customers for performing merchandising activities on 
our behalf, such as payments for in-store displays, payments to gain distribution of new products, payments 
for shelf space and discounts to promote lower retail prices. Sales incentives and discounts also include 
support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and other marketing activities. 
A number of our sales incentives, such as bottler funding to independent bottlers and customer volume rebates, 
are based on annual targets, and accruals are established during the year for the expected payout. These 
accruals are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require 
management judgment with respect to estimating customer participation and performance levels. Differences 
between estimated expense and actual incentive costs are normally insignificant and are recognized in 
earnings in the period such differences are determined. In addition, certain advertising and marketing costs 
are also based on annual targets and recognized during the year as incurred. The terms of most of our incentive 
arrangements do not exceed a year, and therefore do not require highly uncertain long-term estimates. Certain 
arrangements, such as fountain pouring rights, may extend beyond one year. Costs incurred to obtain these 
arrangements are recognized over the shorter of the economic or contractual life, primarily as a reduction of 
revenue, and the remaining balances of $291 million as of December 31, 2016 and $321 million as of 
December 26, 2015 are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our balance 
sheet.
For interim reporting, our policy is to allocate our forecasted full-year sales incentives for most of our 
programs to each of our interim reporting periods in the same year that benefits from the programs. The 
allocation methodology is based on our forecasted sales incentives for the full year and the proportion of 
each interim period’s actual gross revenue or volume, as applicable, to our forecasted annual gross revenue 
or volume, as applicable. Based on our review of the forecasts at each interim period, any changes in estimates 
and the related allocation of sales incentives are recognized beginning in the interim period that they are 
identified. In addition, we apply a similar allocation methodology for interim reporting purposes for certain 
advertising and other marketing activities. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional 
information on our total marketplace spending. Our annual financial statements are not impacted by this 
interim allocation methodology.
We estimate and reserve for our bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts and 
collectibility, the aging of accounts receivable and our analysis of customer data. Bad debt expense is classified 
within selling, general and administrative expenses in our income statement.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
We sell products under a number of brand names, many of which were developed by us. Brand development 
costs are expensed as incurred. We also purchase brands and other intangible assets in acquisitions. In a 
business combination, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including brands 
and other intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining 
fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, such 
48
Page#68
Table of Contents
as marketplace participants, product life cycles, market share, consumer awareness, brand history and future 
expansion expectations, amount and timing of future cash flows and the discount rate applied to the cash 
flows.
We believe that a brand has an indefinite life if it has a history of strong revenue and cash flow performance 
and we have the intent and ability to support the brand with marketplace spending for the foreseeable future. 
If these perpetual brand criteria are not met, brands are amortized over their expected useful lives, which 
generally range from 20 to 40 years. Determining the expected life of a brand requires management judgment 
and is based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market share, consumer awareness, brand 
history, future expansion expectations and regulatory restrictions, as well as the macroeconomic environment 
of the countries in which the brand is sold.
In connection with previous acquisitions, we reacquired certain franchise rights which provided the exclusive 
and perpetual rights to manufacture and/or distribute beverages for sale in specified territories. In determining 
the useful life of these franchise rights, many factors were considered, including the pre-existing perpetual 
bottling arrangements, the indefinite period expected for these franchise rights to contribute to our future 
cash flows, as well as the lack of any factors that would limit the useful life of these franchise rights to us, 
including legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors. Therefore, certain of these 
franchise rights are considered as indefinite-lived, with the balance amortized over the remaining contractual 
period of the contract in which the right was granted.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized and are assessed for impairment at least 
annually, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. We perform this annual assessment during our 
third quarter. Where we use the qualitative assessment, first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it 
is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Factors considered include macroeconomic, industry and 
competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant 
changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not 
that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed.
The quantitative assessment requires an analysis of several estimates including future cash flows or income 
consistent with management’s strategic business plans, annual sales growth rates, perpetuity growth 
assumptions and the selection of assumptions underlying a discount rate (weighted-average cost of capital) 
based on market data available at the time. Significant management judgment is necessary to estimate the 
impact of competitive operating, macroeconomic and other factors to estimate future levels of sales, operating 
profit or cash flows. All assumptions used in our impairment evaluations for nonamortizable intangible assets, 
such as forecasted growth rates and weighted-average cost of capital, are based on the best available market 
information and are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans. These assumptions could be 
adversely impacted by certain of the risks described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Our Business Risks.” 
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on performing the quantitative 
assessment. 
Amortizable intangible assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating 
or macroeconomic environment. If an evaluation of the undiscounted future cash flows indicates impairment, 
the asset is written down to its estimated fair value, which is based on its discounted future cash flows.
We did not recognize any impairment charges for goodwill in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 
2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014. We recognized no material impairment charges for 
nonamortizable intangible assets in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015
and December 27, 2014. As of December 31, 2016, the estimated fair values of our indefinite-lived reacquired 
and acquired franchise rights recorded at NAB exceeded their carrying values. However, there could be an 
impairment of the carrying value of NAB’s reacquired and acquired franchise rights if future revenues and 
49
Page#69
Table of Contents
their contribution to the operating results of NAB’s CSD business do not achieve our expected future cash 
flows or if macroeconomic conditions result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used 
to estimate fair value. We have also analyzed the impact of macroeconomic conditions in Russia and Brazil 
on the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets in these countries and have concluded 
that there is no impairment as of December 31, 2016. However, there could be an impairment of the carrying 
value of certain brands in these countries if there is a further deterioration in these conditions, if future 
revenues and their contributions to the operating results do not achieve our expected future cash flows or if 
macroeconomic conditions result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used to estimate 
fair value.
Income Tax Expense and Accruals
Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us 
in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual 
tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish reserves when, despite our belief that our tax return 
positions are fully supportable, we believe that certain positions are subject to challenge and that we likely 
will not succeed. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and 
circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. See “Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax 
laws or disagreements with tax authorities could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results 
of operations.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 
An estimated annual effective tax rate is applied to our quarterly operating results. In the event there is a 
significant or unusual item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is 
separately calculated and recorded at the same time as that item. We consider the tax adjustments from the 
resolution of prior year tax matters to be among such items.
Tax law requires items to be included in our tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in our 
financial statements. As a result, our annual tax rate reflected in our financial statements is different than that 
reported in our tax returns (our cash tax rate). Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses 
that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. 
These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets generally represent 
items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in our tax returns in future years for which we have already 
recorded the tax benefit in our income statement. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax 
assets if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred 
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in our 
financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which we have already taken a 
deduction in our tax return but have not yet recognized as expense in our financial statements.
In 2016, our annual tax rate was 25.4% compared to 26.1% in 2015, as discussed in “Other Consolidated 
Results.” The tax rate decreased 0.7 percentage points compared to 2015 reflecting the impact of the 2015 
Venezuela impairment charges, which had no corresponding tax benefit, partially offset by the 2015 favorable 
resolution with the IRS of substantially all open matters related to the audits for taxable years 2010 and 2011, 
as well as the 2016 impairment charge recorded to reduce the value of our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB 
to its estimated fair value, which had no corresponding tax benefit. 
Pension and Retiree Medical Plans
Our pension plans cover certain employees in the United States and certain international employees. Benefits 
are determined based on either years of service or a combination of years of service and earnings. Certain 
U.S. and Canada retirees are also eligible for medical and life insurance benefits (retiree medical) if they 
meet age and service requirements. Generally, our share of retiree medical costs is capped at specified dollar 
50
Page#70
Table of Contents
amounts, which vary based upon years of service, with retirees contributing the remainder of the cost. In 
addition, we have been phasing out certain subsidies of retiree medical benefits.
In 2016, we approved an amendment to reorganize the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans that 
resulted in the combination of two plans effective December 31, 2016, and the spinoff of a portion of the 
combined plan into a pre-existing plan effective January 1, 2017. The benefits offered to the plans’ participants 
were unchanged. The result of the reorganization was the creation of the PepsiCo Employees Retirement 
Plan A, or active plan, and the PepsiCo Employees Retirement Plan I, or inactive plan. The reorganization 
was made to facilitate a targeted investment strategy over time and to provide additional flexibility in 
evaluating opportunities to reduce risk and volatility. Actuarial gains and losses associated with the active 
plan will continue to be amortized over the average remaining service life of the active participants 
(approximately 11 years beginning in 2017), while the actuarial gains and losses associated with the inactive 
plan will be amortized over the remaining life expectancy of the inactive participants (approximately 27 
years beginning in 2017). As a result of these changes, benefit plan pre-tax expense is expected to decrease 
by approximately $40 million in 2017, primarily impacting corporate unallocated. See Note 7 to our 
consolidated financial statements.
In 2016, the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans purchased a group annuity contract whereby an 
unrelated insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future annuity payments for 
certain retirees. In 2016, we made discretionary contributions of $452 million primarily to fund the transfer 
of the obligation. This transaction triggered a pre-tax settlement charge of $242 million ($162 million after-
tax or $0.11 per share). See “Items Affecting Comparability” and Note 7 to our consolidated financial 
statements.
In 2014, we offered certain former employees who had vested benefits in our U.S. defined benefit pension 
plans the option of receiving a one-time lump sum payment equal to the present value of the participant’s 
pension benefit (payable in cash or rolled over into a qualified retirement plan or Individual Retirement 
Account (IRA)). In 2014, we made a discretionary contribution of $388 million to fund substantially all of 
these payments. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax pension lump sum settlement charge in corporate 
unallocated expenses of $141 million ($88 million after-tax or $0.06 per share). See “Items Affecting 
Comparability” and Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
Our Assumptions
The determination of pension and retiree medical expenses and obligations requires the use of assumptions 
to estimate the amount of benefits that employees earn while working, as well as the present value of those 
benefits. Annual pension and retiree medical expense amounts are principally based on four components: 
(1) the value of benefits earned by employees for working during the year (service cost), (2) the increase in 
the projected benefit obligation due to the passage of time (interest cost), and (3) other gains and losses as 
discussed in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements, reduced by (4) the expected return on assets 
for our funded plans.
Significant assumptions used to measure our annual pension and retiree medical expenses include:
• certain employee-related demographic factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality;
• the expected return on assets in our funded plans;
• for pension expense, the rate of salary increases for plans where benefits are based on earnings; 
• for retiree medical expense, health care cost trend rates; and
• for pension and retiree medical expense, the spot rates along the yield curve used to determine the 
present value of liabilities and, beginning in 2016, to determine service and interest costs.
51
Page#71
Table of Contents
Certain assumptions reflect our historical experience and management’s best judgment regarding future 
expectations. Due to the significant management judgment involved, our assumptions could have a material 
impact on the measurement of our pension and retiree medical expenses and obligations.
At each measurement date, the discount rates are based on interest rates for high-quality, long-term corporate 
debt securities with maturities comparable to those of our liabilities. Our U.S. obligation and pension and 
retiree medical expense is based on the discount rates determined using the Mercer Above Mean Curve. This 
curve includes bonds that closely match the timing and amount of our expected benefit payments and reflects 
the portfolio of investments we would consider to settle our liabilities.
Effective as of the beginning of 2016, we changed the method we use to estimate the service and interest 
cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our U.S. and the majority of our significant international 
pension and retiree medical plans. Historically, we estimated the service and interest cost components using
a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the projected benefit 
obligation (or accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for the retiree medical plans) at the beginning 
of the period. We have now elected to use a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components 
of benefit cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the 
benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. We have made this change to improve the correlation 
between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates, which we believe will 
result in a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. This change does not affect the measurement 
of our benefit obligation. We have accounted for this change in estimate on a prospective basis as of the 
beginning of 2016. The pre-tax reduction in net periodic benefit cost associated with this change was $125 
million ($81 million after-tax or $0.06 per share) for the full year 2016.
See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for information about the expected rate of return on plan 
assets and our plans’ investment strategy. Although we review our expected long-term rates of return on an 
annual basis, our asset returns in a given year do not significantly influence our evaluation of long-term rates 
of return.
The health care trend rate used to determine our retiree medical plan’s liability and expense is reviewed 
annually. Our review is based on our claims experience, information provided by our health plans and 
actuaries, and our knowledge of the health care industry. Our review of the trend rate considers factors such 
as demographics, plan design, new medical technologies and changes in medical carriers.
Weighted-average assumptions for pension and retiree medical expense are as follows:
 
2017 2016 2015
Pension
Service cost discount rate (a) 4.3% 4.5% n/a
Interest cost discount rate (a) 3.5% 3.8% n/a
Expense discount rate (a) n/a n/a 4.1%
 
Expected rate of return on plan assets 7.2% 7.2% 7.3%
Expected rate of salary increases 3.2% 3.2% 3.5%
Retiree medical
Service cost discount rate (a) 4.0% 4.3% n/a
Interest cost discount rate (a) 3.2% 3.3% n/a
Expense discount rate (a) n/a n/a 3.8%
 
Expected rate of return on plan assets 7.5% 7.5% 7.5%
Current health care cost trend rate 5.9% 6.0% 6.2%
(a) In the first quarter of 2016, we changed the method we use to estimate the service and interest cost components of pension and retiree 
medical expense.
52
Page#72
Table of Contents
In general, lower discount rates increase the size of the projected benefit obligation and pension expense in 
the following year, while higher discount rates reduce the size of the projected benefit obligation and pension 
expense. Based on our assumptions, we expect our total pension and retiree medical expense to decrease in 
2017 primarily driven by cost savings due to the recognition of prior experience gains on plan assets, the 
reorganization of the plans and the transfer of our obligation for certain retirees to an unrelated insurance 
company, partially offset by lower discount rates.
Sensitivity of Assumptions
A decrease in each of the collective discount rates or in the expected rate of return assumptions would increase 
expense for our benefit plans. Under the full-yield-curve approach adopted at the beginning of 2016, a 25-
basis-point decrease in each of the above discount rates and expected rate of return assumptions would 
increase the 2017 pension and retiree medical expense as follows:
Assumption Amount
Discount rates used in the calculation of expense $37
Expected rate of return $36
See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about the sensitivity of our 
retiree medical cost assumptions.
Funding
We make contributions to pension trusts that provide plan benefits for certain pension plans. These 
contributions are made in accordance with applicable tax regulations that provide for current tax deductions 
for our contributions and taxation to the employee only upon receipt of plan benefits. Generally, we do not 
fund our pension plans when our contributions would not be currently tax deductible. As our retiree medical 
plans are not subject to regulatory funding requirements, we generally fund these plans on a pay-as-you-go 
basis, although we periodically review available options to make additional contributions toward these 
benefits.
Our pension and retiree medical contributions are subject to change as a result of many factors, such as 
changes in interest rates, deviations between actual and expected asset returns and changes in tax or other 
benefit laws. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for our past and expected contributions and 
estimated future benefit payments.
53
Page#73
Table of Contents
OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS
Results of Operations — Consolidated Review
In the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, “effective net pricing” reflects the year-over-
year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying 
products in different package sizes and in different countries and “net pricing” reflects the year-over-year 
combined impact of list price changes, weight changes per package, discounts and allowances. Additionally, 
“acquisitions and divestitures,” except as otherwise noted, reflect all mergers and acquisitions activity, 
including the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and changes in ownership or control in consolidated 
subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. The impact of the structural change related to the 
deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses is presented separately. 
Volume 
Our beverage volume in the NAB, Latin America, ESSA and AMENA segments reflects sales to authorized 
bottlers, independent distributors and retailers, as well as the sale of beverages bearing Company-owned or 
licensed trademarks that have been sold through our authorized independent bottlers. Bottler case sales (BCS) 
and concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE) are not necessarily equal during any given period due to 
seasonality, timing of product launches, product mix, bottler inventory practices and other factors. While our 
beverage revenues are not entirely based on BCS volume, as there are independent bottlers in the supply 
chain, we believe that BCS is a valuable measure as it quantifies the sell-through of our beverage products 
at the consumer level. Sales of products from our unconsolidated joint ventures are reflected in our reported 
volume. NAB, Latin America, ESSA and AMENA, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, 
make, market, distribute and sell ready-to-drink tea products through a joint venture with Unilever (under 
the Lipton brand name), and NAB further, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, 
markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink coffee products through a joint venture with Starbucks. In 
addition, AMENA licenses the Tropicana brand for use in China on co-branded juice products in connection 
with a strategic alliance with Tingyi. 
Our food and snacks volume in the FLNA, QFNA, Latin America, ESSA and AMENA segments is reported 
on a system-wide basis, which includes our own sales and the sales by our noncontrolled affiliates of snacks 
bearing Company-owned or licensed trademarks. 
Servings
Since our divisions each use different measures of physical unit volume (i.e., kilos, gallons, pounds and case 
sales), a common servings metric is necessary to reflect our consolidated physical unit volume. Our divisions’ 
physical volume measures are converted into servings based on U.S. Food and Drug Administration guidelines 
for single-serving sizes of our products.
In 2016 and 2015, total servings increased 3% and 1% compared to 2015 and 2014, respectively. Excluding 
rd
the impact of the 53 reporting week, total servings in 2016 increased 2% compared to 2015. Servings growth 
reflects adjustments to the prior year results for divestitures and other structural changes, including the 
deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015. 
54
Page#74
Table of Contents
Total Net Revenue and Operating Profit/(Loss)
Change
 
2016 2015 2014 2016 2015
 
Total net revenue $ 62,799 $ 63,056 $ 66,683 — % (5)%
Operating profit/(loss)
FLNA $ 4,659 $ 4,304 $ 4,054 8 % 6 %
QFNA 653 560 621 16 % (10)%
NAB 2,959 2,785 2,421 6 % 15 %
Latin America 887 (206) 1,636 n/m (113)%
ESSA 1,108 1,081 1,389 2.5 % (22)%
AMENA 619 941 985 (34)% (4.5)%
Corporate Unallocated (1,100) (1,112) (1,525) (1)% (27)%
Total operating profit $ 9,785 $ 8,353 $ 9,581 17 % (13)%
Total operating profit margin 15.6% 13.2% 14.4% 2.3 (1.2)
n/m - Not meaningful due to the impact of impairment charges associated with a change in accounting for our Venezuela operations in 2015.
2016 
Total operating profit increased 17% and operating margin increased 2.3 percentage points. Operating profit 
growth was driven by the benefit of actions associated with our productivity initiatives, which contributed 
more than $1 billion in cost reductions across a number of expense categories throughout all of our segments, 
effective net pricing and volume growth. Additionally, the impact of recording an impairment charge in the 
prior year and ceasing the operations of our MQD joint venture contributed 1 percentage point to operating 
profit growth. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, higher advertising and 
marketing expenses, unfavorable foreign exchange and higher commodity costs, as well as the 
deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses, which reduced operating profit growth by 2 percentage points. 
Items affecting comparability (see “Items Affecting Comparability”) contributed 13 percentage points to 
operating profit growth and increased total operating profit margin by 1.5 percentage points, primarily 
reflecting a 17-percentage-point contribution from the prior-year Venezuela impairment charges. Higher 
commodity inflation reduced operating profit growth by 1 percentage point, primarily attributable to inflation 
in the Latin America, ESSA and AMENA segments, partially offset by deflation in the NAB, FLNA and 
rd
QFNA segments. The impact of our 53 reporting week was fully offset by incremental investments we made 
in our business. Corporate unallocated expenses decreased 1%, driven by lower pension expense reflecting 
the change to the full yield curve approach, lower foreign exchange transaction losses and decreases in other 
corporate expenses, partially offset by increased contributions to The PepsiCo Foundation, Inc. to fund 
charitable and social programs and the net impact of items affecting comparability mentioned above included 
in corporate unallocated expenses. 
2015 
Total operating profit decreased 13% and operating margin decreased 1.2 percentage points. Operating profit 
performance was primarily driven by certain operating cost increases, unfavorable foreign exchange, higher 
commodity costs and increased advertising and marketing expenses. These impacts were partially offset by 
effective net pricing, the benefit of actions associated with our productivity initiatives, which contributed 
more than $1 billion in cost reductions across a number of expense categories throughout all of our segments, 
and volume growth. Items affecting comparability (see “Items Affecting Comparability”) negatively impacted 
operating profit performance by 9 percentage points and decreased total operating profit margin by 1.4 
percentage points, primarily reflecting the Venezuela impairment charges. Higher commodity inflation 
negatively impacted operating profit performance by 5 percentage points, primarily attributable to inflation 
55
Page#75
Table of Contents
in the Latin America and ESSA segments, partially offset by deflation in the NAB, FLNA, AMENA and 
QFNA segments. Additionally, impairment charges in the QFNA segment associated with our MQD joint 
venture and the fourth quarter impact of our Venezuelan businesses (as a result of the deconsolidation) each 
negatively impacted reported operating profit performance by 1 percentage point. Corporate unallocated 
expenses decreased 27%, primarily reflecting the impact of items affecting comparability mentioned above 
included in corporate unallocated expenses and decreased pension expense, partially offset by increased 
research and development costs and charges associated with productivity initiatives outside the scope of the 
2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans.
Other Consolidated Results
 
 Change
 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015
Interest expense, net $ (1,232) $ (911) $ (824) $ (321) $ (87)
Annual tax rate 25.4% 26.1% 25.1%
Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 6,329 $ 5,452 $ 6,513 16% (16)%
Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common
share – diluted $ 4.36 $ 3.67 $ 4.27 19% (14)%
Mark-to-market net (gains)/losses (0.08) — 0.03
Restructuring and impairment charges 0.09 0.12 0.21
Charges related to the transaction with Tingyi 0.26 0.05 —
Charge related to debt redemption 0.11 — —
Pension-related settlement charges/(benefits) 0.11 (0.03) 0.06
Venezuela impairment charges — 0.91 —
Tax benefit — (0.15) —
Venezuela remeasurement charge — — 0.07
Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common 
(a) (b)
share – diluted, excluding above items $ 4.85 $ 4.57 $ 4.63 6% (1)%
Impact of foreign exchange translation 3 11
Growth in net income attributable to PepsiCo per 
common share – diluted, excluding above items, on 
(a)
a constant currency basis 
9% 10 %
 
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(b) Does not sum due to rounding.
2016
Net interest expense increased $321 million reflecting a charge of $233 million representing the premium 
paid in accordance with the “make-whole” redemption provisions to redeem all of our outstanding 7.900% 
senior notes due 2018 and 5.125% senior notes due 2019 for the principal amounts of $1.5 billion and $750 
million, respectively. This increase also reflects higher average debt balances, partially offset by higher 
interest income due to higher average cash balances, as well as gains on the market value of investments 
used to economically hedge a portion of our deferred compensation costs.
The reported tax rate decreased 0.7 percentage points due to the impact of the 2015 Venezuela impairment 
charges, which had no corresponding tax benefit, partially offset by the 2015 favorable resolution with the 
IRS of substantially all open matters related to the audits for taxable years 2010 and 2011, as well as the 
2016 impairment charge recorded to reduce the value of our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB to its estimated 
fair value, which had no corresponding tax benefit. 
56
Page#76
Table of Contents
Net income attributable to PepsiCo increased 16% and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share 
increased 19%. Items affecting comparability (see “Items Affecting Comparability”) positively contributed 
12 percentage points to net income attributable to PepsiCo and 13 percentage points to net income attributable 
to PepsiCo per common share.
2015
Net interest expense increased $87 million, reflecting higher rates on our debt balances and lower gains on 
the market value of investments used to economically hedge a portion of our deferred compensation costs.
The reported tax rate increased 1.0 percentage point reflecting the impact of the Venezuela impairment 
charges, which had no accompanying tax benefit, partially offset by the favorable resolution with the IRS 
of substantially all open matters related to the audits for taxable years 2010 and 2011.
Net income attributable to PepsiCo decreased 16% and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share 
decreased 14%. Items affecting comparability (see “Items Affecting Comparability”) negatively impacted 
net income attributable to PepsiCo by 12 percentage points and net income attributable to PepsiCo per 
common share by 13 percentage points.
Non-GAAP Measures
Certain financial measures contained in this Form 10-K adjust for the impact of specified items and are not 
in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). We use non-GAAP financial 
measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual 
operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation 
for certain employees. We believe presenting non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K provides 
additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying 
operating results, and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe 
presenting these measures in this Form 10-K allows investors to view our performance using the same 
measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends.
We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that 
may be significant or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and business performance 
or trends. Examples of items for which we may make adjustments include: amounts related to mark-to-market 
gains or losses (non-cash); gains or losses associated with mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and other 
structural changes; charges related to restructuring programs; asset impairments (non-cash); amounts related 
to the resolution of tax positions; pension and retiree medical related items; debt redemptions; and 
remeasurements of net monetary assets. See below and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a description 
of adjustments to our U.S. GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K. 
Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered 
in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP 
measures presented by other companies.
The following non-GAAP financial measures are contained in this 2016 Form 10-K:
• operating profit/loss, adjusted for items affecting comparability, and net income attributable to 
PepsiCo per common share – diluted, adjusted for items affecting comparability, and the 
corresponding constant currency growth rates;
• organic revenue;
• free cash flow; and
• ROIC and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability.
57
Page#77
Table of Contents
Operating Profit/Loss, Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability, and Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo 
per Common Share – Diluted, Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability, and the corresponding Constant 
Currency Growth Rates
Operating profit/loss, adjusted for items affecting comparability, and net income attributable to PepsiCo per 
common share – diluted, adjusted for items affecting comparability, each excludes the net impact of mark-
to-market gains and losses on centrally managed commodities that do not qualify for hedge accounting, 
restructuring and impairment charges related to our 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans, charges related to the 
transaction with Tingyi, a charge related to debt redemption, pension-related settlements, Venezuela 
impairment charges, a tax benefit, and a Venezuela remeasurement charge (see “Items Affecting 
Comparability” for a detailed description of each of these items). We also evaluate performance on these 
measures on a constant currency basis, which measures our financial results assuming constant foreign 
currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. 
In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current year 
U.S. dollar results by the current year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as 
appropriate, those amounts by the prior-year average foreign exchange rates. We believe these measures 
provide useful information in evaluating the results of our business because they exclude items that we believe 
are not indicative of our ongoing performance.
Organic Revenue
We define organic revenue as net revenue adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange translation, as well as 
the impact from acquisitions, divestitures and other structural changes, including the Venezuela 
deconsolidation, for the comparable period. The Venezuela deconsolidation impact excludes the results of 
our Venezuelan businesses for the first three quarters of 2015 and the fourth quarter of 2014. In addition, our 
rd
fiscal 2016 reported results include an extra week of results. Organic revenue excludes the impact of the 53
reporting week in the fourth quarter of 2016. We believe organic revenue provides useful information in 
evaluating the results of our business because it excludes items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing 
performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. 
See “Organic Revenue Growth” in “Results of Operations – Division Review.”
Free Cash Flow
We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of 
property, plant and equipment. Since net capital spending is essential to our product innovation initiatives 
and maintaining our operational capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As 
such, we believe investors should also consider net capital spending when evaluating our cash from operating 
activities. Free cash flow is used by us primarily for financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends 
and share repurchases. Free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since 
we have certain non-discretionary obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from this measure. 
See “Free Cash Flow” in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
ROIC and Net ROIC, Excluding Items Affecting Comparability
We define ROIC as net income attributable to PepsiCo plus interest expense after-tax divided by the sum of 
quarterly average debt obligations and quarterly average common shareholders’ equity. Although ROIC is a 
common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC. Accordingly, the method used by
management to calculate ROIC may differ from the methods other companies use to calculate their ROIC. 
We believe this metric serves as a measure of how well we use our capital to generate returns. In addition, 
we use net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, to compare our performance over various reporting 
periods on a consistent basis because it removes from our operating results the impact of items that are not 
58
Page#78
Table of Contents
indicative of our ongoing performance and reflects how management evaluates our operating results and 
trends. We define net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, as ROIC, adjusted for quarterly average 
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, after-tax interest income and items affecting comparability. 
We believe the calculation of ROIC and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, provides useful 
information to investors and is an additional relevant comparison of our performance to consider when 
evaluating our capital allocation efficiency. 
See “Return on Invested Capital” in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
Items Affecting Comparability
Our reported financial results in this Form 10-K are impacted by the following items in each of the following 
years:
 
2016
Selling, Provision Net income
general and for attributable to Net income
Cost of Gross administrative Operating Interest income noncontrolling attributable
(a)
sales profit expenses profit expense taxes interests to PepsiCo
Reported, GAAP Measure $28,209 $ 34,590 $ 24,735 $ 9,785 $ 1,342 $ 2,174 $ 50 $ 6,329
Items Affecting Comparability
Mark-to-market net impact 78 (78) 89 (167) — (56) — (111)
Restructuring and
— — (160) 160 — 26 3 131
impairment charges
Charge related to the
— — (373) 373 — — — 373
transaction with Tingyi
Charge related to debt
— — — — (233) 77 — 156
redemption
Pension-related settlement
— — (242) 242 — 80 — 162
charge
Core, Non-GAAP Measure $28,287 $ 34,512 $ 24,049 $ 10,393 $ 1,109 $ 2,301 $ 53 $ 7,040
2015
Selling, general
and Venezuela Net income
Cost of administrative impairment Operating Provision for attributable
(a)
sales Gross profit expenses charges profit income taxes to PepsiCo
Reported, GAAP Measure $ 28,731 $ 34,325 $ 24,538 $ 1,359 $ 8,353 $ 1,941 $ 5,452
Items Affecting Comparability
Mark-to-market net impact (18) 18 29 — (11) (3) (8)
Restructuring and impairment charges — — (230) — 230 46 184
Charge related to the transaction with
— — (73) — 73 — 73
Tingyi
Pension-related settlement benefits — — 67 — (67) (25) (42)
Venezuela impairment charges — — — (1,359) 1,359 — 1,359
Tax benefit — — — — — 230 (230)
Core, Non-GAAP Measure $ 28,713 $ 34,343 $ 24,331 $ — $ 9,937 $ 2,189 $ 6,788
2014
Selling, general Net income
and Provision attributable to Net income
Cost of administrative Operating for income noncontrolling attributable
(a)
sales Gross profit expenses profit taxes interests to PepsiCo
Reported, GAAP Measure $ 31,238 $ 35,445 $ 25,772 $ 9,581 $ 2,199 $ 45 $ 6,513
Items Affecting Comparability
Mark-to-market net impact 33 (33) (101) 68 24 — 44
Restructuring and impairment charges — — (418) 418 99 3 316
Pension-related settlement charge — — (141) 141 53 — 88
Venezuela remeasurement charge — — (105) 105 — — 105
Core, Non-GAAP Measure $ 31,271 $ 35,412 $ 25,007 $ 10,313 $ 2,375 $ 48 $ 7,066
(a) Provision for income taxes is the expected tax benefit/charge on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable to the underlying 
item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction.
59
Page#79
Table of Contents
Mark-to-Market Net Impact
We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our divisions. These commodity derivatives include 
agricultural products, energy and metals. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting 
treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate 
unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on 
the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in division results when the 
divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Therefore, the divisions realize 
the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility, which 
remains in corporate unallocated expenses.
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
In connection with our 2014 Productivity Plan, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $990 
million, of which approximately $705 million represents cash expenditures, summarized by year as follows:
Cash
Charges
Expenditures
2013 $ 53 $ —
(b)
2014 357 175
(b)
2015 169 165
2016 160 95
2017 (expected) 122 143
2018 (expected) 129 127
(a)
$ 990 $ 705
(a) This total pre-tax charge is expected to consist of approximately $495 million of severance and other employee-related costs, 
approximately $150 million for asset impairments (all non-cash) resulting from plant closures and related actions, and 
approximately $345 million for other costs associated with the implementation of our initiatives, including contract termination 
costs. This charge is expected to impact reportable segments and Corporate approximately as follows: FLNA 11%, QFNA 
2%, NAB 30%, Latin America 20%, ESSA 25%, AMENA 5% and Corporate 7%.
(b) In 2015 and 2014, cash expenditures include $2 million and $10 million, respectively, reported on our cash flow statement 
in pension and retiree medical plan contributions.
See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further information related to our 2014 and 2012 
Productivity Plans.
We regularly evaluate different productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives 
discussed above and in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.
Charges Related to the Transaction with Tingyi 
In 2016, we recorded a pre- and after-tax impairment charge of $373 million ($0.26 per share) in the AMENA 
segment to reduce the value of our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB to its estimated fair valu
e. 
In 2015, we recorded a pre- and after-tax charge of $73 million ($0.05 per share) in the AMENA segment 
related to a write-off of the value of a call option to increase our holding in TAB to 20%.
See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
Charge Related to Debt Redemption
In 2016, we paid $2.5 billion to redeem all of our outstanding 7.900% senior notes due 2018 and 5.125% 
senior notes due 2019 for the principal amounts of $1.5 billion and $750 million, respectively, and terminated 
certain interest rate swaps. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $233 million ($156 million after-tax 
60
Page#80
Table of Contents
or $0.11 per share) to interest expense, primarily representing the premium paid in accordance with the 
“make-whole” redemption provisions. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements.
Pension-Related Settlements
In 2016, we recorded a pre-tax pension settlement charge in corporate unallocated expenses of $242 million 
($162 million after-tax or $0.11 per share) related to the purchase of a group annuity contract. See Note 7 to 
our consolidated financial statements.
In 2015, we recorded pre-tax benefits of $67 million ($42 million after-tax or $0.03 per share) in the NAB 
segment associated with the settlement of pension-related liabilities from previous acquisitions. These 
benefits were recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses.
In 2014, we recorded a pre-tax pension lump sum settlement charge in corporate unallocated expenses of $141 
million ($88 million after-tax or $0.06 per share) related to payments for pension liabilities to certain former 
employees who had vested benefits. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statemen
ts.
Venezuela Impairment Charges
In 2015, we recorded pre- and after-tax charges of $1.4 billion ($0.91 per share) in the Latin America segment 
related to the impairment of investments in our wholly-owned Venezuelan subsidiaries and beverage joint 
venture.
For additional information on Venezuela, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements and “Our 
Business Risks.”
Tax Benefit
In 2015, we recognized a non-cash tax benefit of $230 million ($0.15 per share) associated with our agreement 
with the IRS resolving substantially all open matters related to the audits for taxable years 2010 through 
2011, which reduced our reserve for uncertain tax positions for the tax years 2010 and 2011. 
See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements.
Venezuela Remeasurement Charge
In 2014, we recorded a $105 million net charge related to our remeasurement of the bolivar for certain net 
monetary assets of our Venezuelan businesses. $126 million of this charge was recorded in corporate 
unallocated expenses, with the balance (equity income of $21 million) recorded in our Latin America segment. 
In total, this net charge had an after-tax impact of $105 million or $0.07 per share.
61
Page#81
Table of Contents
Results of Operations — Division Review
The results and discussions below are based on how our Chief Executive Officer monitors the performance 
of our divisions. Accordingly, volume growth measures for 2016 and 2015 reflect adjustments to the 2015 
and 2014 results, respectively, for divestitures and other structural changes, including the deconsolidation of 
our Venezuelan businesses effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015. See “Non-GAAP Measures” 
and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a discussion of items to consider when evaluating our results and 
related information regarding non-GAAP measures.
 
Latin 
FLNA QFNA NAB America ESSA AMENA Total
Net Revenue, 2016
$ 15,549 $ 2,564 $ 21,312 $ 6,820 $ 10,216 $ 6,338 $ 62,799
Net Revenue, 2015
$ 14,782 $ 2,543 $ 20,618 $ 8,228 $ 10,510 $ 6,375 $ 63,056
% Impact of:
(a)
Volume 2% —% 1% 3 % 1.5 % 6 % 2 %
(b)
Effective net pricing 2 (1) 1 7 2.5 (1) 2
Foreign exchange translation
— — — (11) (7) (5) (3)
Acquisitions and divestitures
— — — (1) — — —
(c)
Venezuela deconsolidation 
— — — (14) — — (2)
rd (d)
53 reporting week 
2 2 1.5 — — — 1
(e)
Reported growth 5% 1% 3% (17)% (3)% (1)% — %
Latin
 FLNA QFNA NAB America ESSA AMENA Total
Net Revenue, 2015 $ 14,782 $ 2,543 $ 20,618 $ 8,228 $ 10,510 $ 6,375 $ 63,056
Net Revenue, 2014 $ 14,502 $ 2,568 $ 20,171 $ 9,425 $ 13,399 $ 6,618 $ 66,683
% Impact of:
(a)
Volume 1% 1 % 0.5% 1 % (2)% 4 % 0.5 %
(b)
Effective net pricing 2 — 3 19 4 0.5 5
Foreign exchange translation
(1) (2) (1) (27) (24) (5) (10)
Acquisitions and divestitures
— — — — — (3) —
(c)
Venezuela deconsolidation — — — (6) — — (1)
(e)
Reported growth 2% (1)% 2% (13)% (22)% (4)% (5)%
(a) Excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. In certain instances, volume growth varies from the amounts disclosed in the following 
divisional discussions due to nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between 
BCS and CSE, as well as the mix of beverage volume sold by our Company-owned and franchised-owned bottlers. Our net revenue excludes 
nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our beverage businesses, is based on CSE.
(b) Includes the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in 
different package sizes and in different countries.
(c) For 2016 and 2015 reported growth, represents the impact of the exclusion of the 2015 and fourth quarter 2014 results of our Venezuelan 
businesses, respectively, which were deconsolidated effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015.
rd
(d) Our fiscal 2016 results include a 53 reporting week which increased 2016 net revenue by $657 million, including $294 million in our 
FLNA segment, $43 million in our QFNA segment, $300 million in our NAB segment and $20 million in our ESSA segment.
(e) Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
62
Page#82
Table of Contents
Organic Revenue Growth
Organic revenue is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on organic revenue see “Non-
GAAP Measures.”
Latin 
2016 FLNA QFNA NAB America ESSA AMENA Total
Reported Growth
5% 1 % 3% (17)% (3)% (1)% — %
% Impact of:
Foreign exchange translation
— — — 11 7 5 3
Acquisitions and divestitures
— — — 1 — — —
(a)
Venezuela deconsolidation 
— — — 14 — — 2
rd (b)
53 reporting week 
(2) (2) (1.5) — — — (1)
(c)
Organic Growth 3.5 % — % 2 % 9 % 4 % 5 % 4 %
 
Latin
2015 FLNA QFNA NAB America ESSA AMENA Total
Reported Growth
2 % (1)% 2 % (13 )% (22 )% (4 )% (5 )%
% Impact of:
Foreign exchange translation
1 2 1 27 24 5 10
Acquisitions and divestitures
— — — — — 3 —
(a)
Venezuela deconsolidation 
— — — 6 — — 1
(c)
Organic Growth 3 % 1 % 3 % 20 % 2 % 4 % 5 %
(a) For 2016 and 2015 organic revenue growth, represents the impact of the exclusion of the 2015 and fourth quarter 2014 results of our 
Venezuelan businesses, respectively, which were deconsolidated effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015. 
rd
(b) Our fiscal 2016 results include a 53 reporting week which increased 2016 net revenue by $657 million, including $294 million in our 
FLNA segment, $43 million in our QFNA segment, $300 million in our NAB segment and $20 million in our ESSA segment.
(c) Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
63
Page#83
Table of Contents
Frito-Lay North America
 % Change
 2016 2015 2014 2016  2015
Net revenue $15,549 $14,782 $14,502 5  2
Impact of foreign exchange translation —  1
rd
Impact of 53 reporting week (2) —
(a) (b)
Organic revenue growth 3.5 3
Operating profit $ 4,659 $ 4,304 $ 4,054 8  6  
Restructuring and impairment charges 13 26 48
(a)
Operating profit excluding above item $ 4,672 $ 4,330 $ 4,102 8  5.5  
Impact of foreign exchange translation —  1  
Operating profit growth excluding above item, 
(b)
(a) 8 7
on a constant currency basis 
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(b) Does not sum due to rounding. 
2016 
rd
Net revenue grew 5%, driven by volume growth and effective net pricing. The 53 reporting week contributed 
2 percentage points to the net revenue growth.
Volume grew 3%, reflecting high-single-digit growth in variety packs, and mid-single-digit growth in 
trademark Doritos and Cheetos. These gains were partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in our Sabra 
rd
joint venture products. The 53 reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to the volume growth.
Operating profit grew 8%, primarily reflecting the net revenue growth and planned cost reductions across a 
number of expense categories, as well as lower commodity costs, which contributed 3 percentage points to 
operating profit growth, primarily fuel and cooking oil. These impacts were partially offset by certain 
operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, and higher advertising and marketing expenses. The 
rd
53 reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit growth, partially offset by incremental 
investments in our business, which reduced operating profit growth by 1.5 percentage points.
2015 
Net revenue grew 2% and volume grew 1%. The net revenue growth was driven by effective net pricing and 
the volume growth. The volume growth reflects mid-single-digit growth in variety packs and trademark 
Tostitos, double-digit growth in trademark Smartfood and low-single-digit growth in trademark Doritos. 
These increases were partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in trademark Lay’s.
Operating profit grew 6%, primarily reflecting the net revenue growth and planned cost reductions across a 
number of expense categories, as well as lower commodity costs, which contributed 5 percentage points to 
operating profit growth, primarily cooking oil and packaging. These impacts were partially offset by certain 
operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, as well as higher advertising and marketing expenses.
64
Page#84
Table of Contents
Quaker Foods North America
 % Change
 2016 2015 2014 2016  2015
Net revenue $ 2,564 $ 2,543 $ 2,568 1  (1)
Impact of foreign exchange translation — 2
rd 
Impact of 53 reporting week (2) —
(a) (b)
Organic revenue growth — 1
Operating profit $ 653 $ 560 $ 621 16  (10)
Restructuring and impairment charges 1 3 14
(a)
Operating profit excluding above item $ 654 $ 563 $ 635 16  (11)
Impact of foreign exchange translation — 1
Operating profit growth excluding above 
(a)
item, on a constant currency basis 16 (10)
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(b) Does not sum due to rounding. 
2016 
rd 
Net revenue grew 1%, driven by the 53 reporting week which contributed 2 percentage points to the net 
revenue growth, partially offset by unfavorable net pricing and mix and unfavorable foreign exchange. 
Volume grew 2%, reflecting mid-single digit growth in Aunt Jemima syrup and mix and low-single-digit 
rd
growth in ready-to-eat cereals, oatmeal, and bars. The 53 reporting week contributed 2 percentage points 
to the volume growth.
Operating profit increased 16%, impacted by prior year impairment charges related to our dairy joint venture 
and ceasing its operations, which contributed 17 percentage points to operating profit growth. This increase 
also reflects planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories, as well as lower commodity 
costs, which contributed 6 percentage points to operating profit growth. These impacts were partially offset 
by higher advertising and marketing expenses, certain operating cost increases and the unfavorable net pricing 
rd
and mix. The 53 reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit growth, partially offset 
by incremental investments in our business, which reduced operating profit growth by 1.5 percentage points.
2015 
Net revenue declined 1% and volume grew slightly. The net revenue decline reflects unfavorable foreign 
exchange, which negatively impacted net revenue performance by 2 percentage points, partially offset by 
the volume growth. The volume growth reflects mid-single digit growth in ready-to-eat cereals and Aunt 
Jemima syrup and mix, partially offset by a double-digit decline in MQD products and mid-single digit 
declines in both grits and bars.
Operating profit decreased 10%, reflecting impairment charges, including a fourth quarter charge related to 
ceasing operations of our dairy joint venture and the recognition of a gain associated with the divestiture of 
a cereal business in 2014, which negatively impacted operating profit performance by 12 and 3 percentage 
points, respectively. In addition, operating profit performance was also negatively impacted by certain 
operating cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses. These impacts were partially offset 
by planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories, favorable mix and the volume growth, as 
well as lower commodity costs, which positively contributed 3 percentage points to operating profit 
performance.
65
Page#85
Table of Contents
North America Beverages
 % Change
 2016 2015 2014 2016  2015 
Net revenue $ 21,312 $ 20,618 $ 20,171 3  2  
Impact of foreign exchange translation — 1
Impact of acquisitions and divestitures — —
rd
Impact of 53 reporting week (1.5) —
(a) (b)
Organic revenue growth 2 3
Operating profit $ 2,959 $ 2,785 $ 2,421 6  15  
Restructuring and impairment charges 35 33 179
Pension-related settlement benefits — (67) —
(a)
Operating profit excluding above items $ 2,994 $ 2,751 $ 2,600 9 6
Impact of foreign exchange translation — 1
Operating profit growth excluding above 
(a)
items, on a constant currency basis 9 7
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(b) Does not sum due to rounding. 
2016 
rd
Net revenue increased 3%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and volume growth. The 53 reporting 
week contributed 1.5 percentage points to the net revenue growth. 
Volume increased 2%, driven by a 7% increase in non-carbonated beverage volume, partially offset by a 1% 
decline in CSD volume. The non-carbonated beverage volume increase primarily reflected a double-digit 
increase in our overall water portfolio, a mid-single-digit increase in Gatorade sports drinks, and a high-
rd
single-digit increase in Lipton ready-to-drink teas. The 53 reporting week contributed 1.5 percentage points 
to the volume growth.
Operating profit increased 6%, primarily reflecting the net revenue growth and planned cost reductions across 
a number of expense categories, as well as lower commodity costs which contributed 6 percentage points to 
operating profit growth. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases and higher 
rd
advertising and marketing expenses. The 53  reporting week contributed 1.5 percentage points to the 
operating profit growth. This was partially offset by incremental investments in our business which reduced 
operating profit growth by 1 percentage point. Items affecting comparability in the above table (see “Items 
Affecting Comparability”) reduced operating profit growth by 3 percentage points.
2015 
Net revenue increased 2%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and volume growth. Unfavorable foreign 
exchange reduced net revenue growth by 1 percentage point.
Volume increased 1%, driven by a 6% increase in non-carbonated beverage volume, partially offset by a 2% 
decline in CSD volumes. The non-carbonated beverage volume increase primarily reflected a double-digit 
increase in our overall water portfolio, a mid-single-digit increase in Gatorade sports drinks, and a high-
single-digit increase in Lipton ready-to-drink teas.
Operating profit increased 15%, reflecting the net revenue growth and planned cost reductions across a 
number of expense categories, as well as lower commodity costs, which contributed 8 percentage points to 
operating profit growth. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases and higher 
66
Page#86
Table of Contents
advertising and marketing expenses, as well as the recording of favorable settlements of promotional spending 
accruals in 2014, which reduced operating profit growth by 2 percentage points. Unfavorable foreign 
exchange reduced operating profit growth by 1 percentage point. Items affecting comparability in the above 
table (see “Items Affecting Comparability”) increased operating profit growth by 9 percentage points. 
Latin America
% Change
 
2016 2015 2014 2016 2015
 
Net revenue $ 6,820 $ 8,228 $ 9,425 (17) (13)
Impact of foreign exchange translation 11 27
Impact of acquisitions and divestitures 1 —
Impact of Venezuela deconsolidation 14 6
(a)
Organic revenue growth 9 20
Operating profit/(loss) $ 887 $ (206) $ 1,636 n/m (113)
Restructuring and impairment charges 27 36 28
Venezuela impairment charges — 1,359 —
Venezuela remeasurement — — (21)
(a)
Operating profit excluding above items $ 914 $ 1,189 $ 1,643 (23) (28)
Impact of foreign exchange translation 14 37
Operating profit growth excluding above items, on a 
(a)
constant currency basis (9) 9
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.”
n/m - Not meaningful due to the impact of impairment charges associated with a change in accounting for our Venezuela operations in 2015.
2016 
Net revenue decreased 17%, reflecting the impact of the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses, 
effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015, and unfavorable foreign exchange, which negatively 
impacted net revenue performance by 14 percentage points and 11 percentage points, respectively. These 
impacts were partially offset by effective net pricing and net volume growth. 
Snacks volume grew 3%, reflecting a mid-single-digit increase in Mexico. Additionally, Brazil experienced 
a slight increase.
Beverage volume decreased 2%, reflecting a double-digit decline in Argentina and a low-single-digit decline 
in Mexico and Honduras, partially offset by a low-single-digit increase in Brazil and a mid-single-digit 
increase in Guatemala. 
Operating profit improvement primarily reflected the prior year Venezuela impairment charges, included in 
items affecting comparability in the above table (see “Items Affecting Comparability”). This improvement 
also reflects the effective net pricing, planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories and the 
net volume growth. Additionally, the impact of prior-year charges associated with productivity initiatives 
outside the scope of the 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans contributed 4 percentage points to operating profit 
growth. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, as well as the deconsolidation 
of our Venezuelan businesses, which reduced operating profit growth by 19 percentage points. Additionally, 
higher commodity costs reduced operating profit growth by 22 percentage points, largely due to transaction-
related foreign exchange on purchases of raw materials, driven by a strong U.S. dollar. Operating profit was 
also reduced by higher advertising and marketing expenses, as well as incremental investments in our business, 
67
Page#87
Table of Contents
which reduced operating profit growth by 4 percentage points. Unfavorable foreign exchange translation 
reduced operating profit growth by 14 percentage points.
2015 
Net revenue decreased 13%, primarily reflecting unfavorable foreign exchange, which negatively impacted 
net revenue performance by 27 percentage points, including 11 percentage points from Venezuela. In addition, 
the fourth quarter impact of the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses negatively impacted net revenue 
performance by 6 percentage points. These impacts were partially offset by effective net pricing, including 
14 percentage points of inflation-based pricing from Venezuela, and volume growth.
Snacks volume grew 1%, reflecting a low-single-digit increase in Mexico, partially offset by a high-single-
digit decrease in Brazil.
Beverage volume increased slightly, reflecting a low-single-digit increase in Mexico, partially offset by a 
high-single-digit decrease in Brazil and a mid-single-digit decline in Argentina. The beverage volume growth 
included a one-half-percentage point positive contribution from certain of our bottler’s brands related to our 
joint venture in Chile.
Operating profit decreased 113%, primarily reflecting the Venezuela impairment charges, included in items 
affecting comparability in the above table (see “Items Affecting Comparability”). This decrease also reflects 
certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, as well as higher commodity costs, which 
negatively impacted operating profit performance by 39 percentage points, including transaction-related 
foreign exchange on purchases of raw materials driven by a strong U.S. dollar. Additionally, charges associated 
with productivity initiatives outside the scope of the 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans negatively impacted 
operating profit performance by 2 percentage points. These impacts were partially offset by the effective net 
pricing, planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories and the volume growth. Unfavorable 
foreign exchange negatively impacted operating profit performance by 37 percentage points, including a 23-
percentage-point impact from Venezuela. The results of our Venezuelan businesses negatively impacted 
operating profit performance by 94 percentage points, primarily related to the impairment charges, and 
included 4 percentage points from the fourth quarter impact of the deconsolidation. For additional information 
on Venezuela, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements and “Our Business Risks.”
68
Page#88
Table of Contents
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa
% Change
 
2016 2015 2014 2016  2015
 
Net revenue $10,216 $10,510 $13,399 (3) (22)
Impact of foreign exchange translation 7 24
rd
Impact of 53 reporting week — —
(a)
Organic revenue growth 4 2
Operating profit $ 1,108 $ 1,081 $ 1,389 2.5 (22)
Restructuring and impairment charges 60 89 71
(a)
Operating profit excluding above item $ 1,168 $ 1,170 $ 1,460 — (20)
Impact of foreign exchange translation 6 22
Operating profit growth excluding above item, 
(a) (b)
on a constant currency basis 6 2.5
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(b) Does not sum due to rounding.
2016 
Net revenue decreased 3%, primarily reflecting unfavorable foreign exchange, which negatively impacted 
net revenue performance by 7 percentage points. These impacts were partially offset by effective net pricing 
and volume growth.
Snacks volume grew 3%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in South Africa and low-single-digit 
growth in the Netherlands, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in Russia. Additionally, the United 
Kingdom, Turkey and Spain experienced low-single-digit growth.
Beverage volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in Nigeria and high-single-digit growth 
in the United Kingdom and Poland, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in Russia and a low-single-
digit decline in Germany. Additionally, Turkey and France each experienced low-single-digit growth.
Operating profit increased 2.5%, reflecting planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories, 
the effective net pricing and the volume growth. These impacts were partially offset by higher commodity 
costs, which reduced operating profit growth by 19 percentage points, largely due to transaction-related 
foreign exchange on purchases of raw materials led by a strong U.S. dollar. Additionally, certain operating 
cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses reduced operating profit growth. The impact 
of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and incremental investments in our business also reduced 
operating profit growth by 6 percentage points and 2 percentage points, respectively.
2015 
Net revenue decreased 22%, primarily reflecting unfavorable foreign exchange, which negatively impacted 
net revenue performance by 24 percentage points, including 13 percentage points from Russia, as well as 
net volume declines. These impacts were partially offset by effective net pricing.
Snacks volume grew 1%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in Turkey and Spain, and low-single-
digit growth in the United Kingdom, South Africa and the Netherlands, partially offset by a mid-single-digit 
decline in Russia 
69
Page#89
Table of Contents
Beverage volume declined 2%, primarily reflecting a double-digit decline in Russia, partially offset by mid-
single-digit growth in Nigeria and low-single-digit growth in Turkey and the United Kingdom. Additionally, 
Germany experienced a slight decline 
Operating profit decreased 22%, reflecting higher commodity costs, which negatively impacted operating 
profit performance by 24 percentage points, primarily from transaction-related foreign exchange on purchases 
of raw materials driven by a strong U.S. dollar. Additionally, operating profit performance was negatively 
impacted by certain operating cost increases, the net volume declines and higher advertising and marketing 
expenses, as well as the recognition of a 2014 gain associated with the sale of agricultural assets in Russia, 
which negatively impacted operating profit performance by 2 percentage points. These impacts were partially 
offset by the effective net pricing and planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories, as well 
as lower charges in 2015 associated with productivity initiatives outside the scope of the 2014 and 2012 
Productivity Plans, which positively impacted operating profit performance by 1.5 percentage points. In 
addition, the net impact of a 2014 impairment charge associated with a brand in Greece positively contributed 
1 percentage point to operating profit performance. Unfavorable foreign exchange translation negatively 
impacted operating profit performance by 22 percentage points.
Asia, Middle East and North Africa
 
 % Change
 2016 2015 2014 2016  2015
Net revenue $ 6,338 $ 6,375 $ 6,618 (1)  (4)
Impact of foreign exchange translation 5 5
Impact of acquisitions and divestitures — 3
(a) (b)
Organic revenue growth 5 4
Operating profit $ 619 $ 941 $ 985 (34)  (4.5)
Restructuring and impairment charges 14 30 37
Charges related to the transaction with Tingyi 373 73 —
(a)
Operating profit excluding above items $ 1,006 $ 1,044 $ 1,022 (4)  2
Impact of foreign exchange translation 2 3
Operating profit growth excluding above items, 
(a) (b)
on a constant currency basis (1.5)  5
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.”
(b) Does not sum due to rounding. 
2016 
Net revenue declined 1%, reflecting unfavorable foreign exchange, which negatively impacted net revenue 
performance by 5 percentage points, as well as unfavorable net pricing. These impacts were partially offset 
by volume growth.
Snacks volume grew 7%, reflecting double-digit growth in China and the Middle East and high-single-digit 
growth in Pakistan. Additionally, India experienced low-single-digit growth and Australia experienced mid-
single-digit growth.
Beverage volume grew 4%, driven by high-single-digit growth in Pakistan, double-digit growth in the 
Philippines and mid-single-digit growth in China. Additionally, the Middle East experienced low-single-
digit growth and India experienced mid-single-digit growth.
70
Page#90
Table of Contents
Operating profit decreased 34%, primarily reflecting the items affecting comparability in the above table 
(see “Items Affecting Comparability”). Additionally, operating profit performance was negatively impacted 
by certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, higher advertising and marketing expenses 
and the unfavorable net pricing, partially offset by the volume growth and planned cost reductions across a 
number of expense categories. The impact from a prior-year gain related to the refranchising of a portion of 
our beverage business in India negatively impacted operating profit performance by 4 percentage points. 
This impact was partially offset by a prior-year impairment charge associated with a joint venture in the 
Middle East which positively contributed 3 percentage points to operating profit performance.
2015 
Net revenue declined 4%, reflecting the impact of refranchising a portion of our beverage businesses in India 
and the Middle East, which negatively impacted net revenue performance by 3 percentage points. These 
impacts were offset by volume growth and effective net pricing. Unfavorable foreign exchange negatively 
impacted net revenue performance by 5 percentage points.
Snacks volume grew 4%, reflecting double-digit growth in China and Pakistan and mid-single-digit growth 
in the Middle East, partially offset by a high-single-digit decline in Thailand. Additionally, India volume was 
flat and Australia experienced low-single-digit growth.
Beverage volume grew 1%, driven by double-digit growth in Pakistan and mid-single-digit growth in the 
Middle East and Philippines, partially offset by high-single-digit declines in China and India.
Operating profit decreased 4.5%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, including strategic 
initiatives, higher advertising and marketing expenses, and items affecting comparability in the above table 
(see “Items Affecting Comparability”). Additionally, an impairment charge associated with a joint venture 
in the Middle East negatively impacted operating profit performance by 3 percentage points. These impacts 
were partially offset by the volume growth, planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories 
and the effective net pricing. In addition, lower commodity costs positively contributed 6 percentage points 
to operating profit performance. The net impact of the refranchising of a portion of our beverage businesses 
in India and the Middle East had a slight positive impact on operating profit performance. This impact 
included a 4-percentage-point gain from the India refranchising, partially offset by a 1.5-percentage-point 
impact from recognizing the 2014 gain from the Middle East refranchising. Unfavorable foreign exchange 
negatively impacted operating profit performance by 3 percentage points.
71
Page#91
Table of Contents
Our Liquidity and Capital Resources
We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit 
facilities and other available methods of debt financing, such as commercial paper borrowings and long-term 
debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. Our primary sources 
of cash available to fund cash outflows, such as our anticipated share repurchases, dividend payments and 
scheduled debt maturities, include cash from operations and proceeds obtained from issuances of commercial 
paper and long-term debt. However, there can be no assurance that volatility in the global capital and credit 
markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all. 
See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities. See also “Our 
Business Risks” and “Unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition or results of operations.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” 
As of December 31, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in our consolidated 
subsidiaries of $15.2 billion outside the United States. As of December 31, 2016, cash, cash equivalents and 
short-term investments in our consolidated subsidiaries subject to currency controls or currency exchange 
restrictions were not material. To the extent foreign earnings are repatriated, such amounts would be subject 
to income tax liabilities, both in the United States and in various applicable foreign jurisdictions.
Furthermore, our cash provided from operating activities is somewhat impacted by seasonality. Working 
capital needs are impacted by weekly sales, which are generally highest in the third quarter due to seasonal 
and holiday-related sales patterns, and generally lowest in the first quarter. On a continuing basis, we consider 
various transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, 
divestitures, joint ventures, dividends, share repurchases, productivity and other efficiency initiatives, and 
other structural changes. These transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments.
The table below summarizes our cash activity:
 
2016 2015 2014
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 10,404 $ 10,580 $ 10,506
Net cash used for investing activities $ (7,148) $ (3,569) $ (4,937)
Net cash used for financing activities $ (2,942) $ (3,828) $ (8,264)
Operating Activities
During 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $10.4 billion, compared to $10.6 billion in the 
prior year. The operating cash flow performance reflects discretionary pension contributions of $459 million. 
In addition, working capital (comprised of changes in accounts and notes receivable, inventories, prepaid 
expenses and other current assets, and accounts payable and other current liabilities, each adjusted for the 
effects of currency translation) reflects unfavorable comparisons to the prior year. These decreases were 
partially offset by lower net cash tax payments in the current year.
During 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $10.6 billion, compared to $10.5 billion in the 
prior year. The operating cash flow performance in part reflects lapping the impact of prior-year discretionary 
pension and retiree medical contributions, pertaining to the lump sum settlement payments, in the United 
States of $388 million ($261 million after-tax). In addition, working capital (comprised of changes in accounts 
and notes receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets, and accounts payable and other 
current liabilities, each adjusted for the effects of currency translation and the Venezuela deconsolidation) 
reflects favorable comparisons to the prior year. These increases were partially offset by unfavorable operating 
profit performance.
72
Page#92
Table of Contents
Investing Activities
During 2016, net cash used for investing activities was $7.1 billion, primarily reflecting net purchases of 
debt securities with maturities greater than three months of $4.1 billion and net capital spending of $2.9 
billion.
During 2015, net cash used for investing activities was $3.6 billion, primarily reflecting net capital spending 
of $2.7 billion, a reduction of cash of $568 million due to the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan subsidiaries 
and net purchases of debt securities with maturities greater than three months of $317 million. 
See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of capital spending by division 
and for further discussion of Venezuela. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further 
discussion of our investments in debt securities.
We expect 2017 net capital spending to be approximately $3 billion, within our long-term capital spending 
target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue.
Financing Activities
During 2016, net cash used for financing activities was $2.9 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating 
cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $7.2 billion and debt 
redemptions of $2.5 billion, partially offset by net proceeds from long-term debt of $4.7 billion, net proceeds 
from short-term borrowings of $1.5 billion, and proceeds from exercises of stock options of $0.5 billion.
During 2015, net cash used for financing activities was $3.8 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating 
cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $9.0 billion, partially 
offset by net proceeds from long-term debt of $4.6 billion and proceeds from exercises of stock options of 
$0.5 billion.
We annually review our capital structure with our Board of Directors, including our dividend policy and 
share repurchase activity. On February 11, 2015, we announced a share repurchase program providing for 
the repurchase of up to $12.0 billion of PepsiCo common stock commencing from July 1, 2015 and expiring 
on June 30, 2018. In addition, on February 15, 2017, we announced a 7.0% increase in our annualized dividend 
to $3.22 per share from $3.01 per share, effective with the dividend that is expected to be paid in June 2017. 
We expect to return a total of approximately $6.5 billion to shareholders in 2017 through share repurchases 
of approximately $2.0 billion and dividends of approximately $4.5 billion.
Free Cash Flow
Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on free cash flow see “Non-GAAP 
Measures.”
The table below reconciles net cash provided by operating activities, as reflected in our cash flow statement, 
to our free cash flow.
 
% Change
2016 2015 2014 2016 2015
Net cash provided by operating activities $ 10,404 $ 10,580 $ 10,506 (2) 1
Capital spending (3,040) (2,758) (2,859)
Sales of property, plant and equipment 99 86 115
(a)
Free cash flow $ 7,463 $ 7,908 $ 7,762 (6) 2
(a) See “Non-GAAP Measures.” In addition, when evaluating free cash flow, we also consider the following items impacting comparability: net cash 
received related to interest rate swaps of $5 million in 2016; net cash tax benefit related to debt redemption charge of $83 million in 2016; $459 
million and $407 million in discretionary pension contributions and associated net cash tax benefits of $151 million and $133 million in 2016 and 
2014, respectively; $88 million in pension-related settlements in 2015, and associated net cash tax benefits of $31 million; $125 million, $214 
million and $276 million of payments related to restructuring charges and associated net cash tax benefits of $22 million, $51 million and $61 
million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively; and $8 million in net capital investments related to our restructuring plans in 2014.
73
Page#93
Table of Contents
We use free cash flow primarily for financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share 
repurchases. We expect to continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share 
repurchases while maintaining Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will ensure appropriate 
financial flexibility and ready access to global capital and credit markets at favorable interest rates. However, 
see “Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets may be adversely affected by a downgrade 
or potential downgrade of our credit ratings.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Our Business Risks” for certain 
factors that may impact our credit ratings or our operating cash flows.
Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, especially any downgrade to below investment 
grade, whether or not as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, could increase our 
future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially 
acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair 
our ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced 
historically, and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. See 
“Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets may be adversely affected by a downgrade or 
potential downgrade of our credit ratings.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Our Business Risks” and Note 8 to 
our consolidated financial statements.
Credit Facilities and Long-Term Contractual Commitments
See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities.
The following table summarizes our long-term contractual commitments by period:
(a)
Payments Due by Period
2018 – 2020 – 2022 and
 Total 2017 2019 2021 beyond
(b)
Long-term debt obligations $ 29,908 $ — $ 5,361 $ 6,115 $ 18,432
(c)
Interest on debt obligations 12,676 992 1,787 1,556 8,341
(d)
Operating leases 1,780 423 663 344 350
(e)
Purchasing commitments 3,314 1,090 1,490 568 166
(e)
Marketing commitments 1,949 432 760 591 166
$ 49,627 $ 2,937 $ 10,061 $ 9,174 $ 27,455
 
(a) Based on year-end foreign exchange rates. Reserves for uncertain tax positions are excluded from the table above as we are unable to reasonably 
predict the ultimate amount or timing of any such settlements.
(b) Excludes $4,401 million related to current maturities of debt, $145 million related to the fair value adjustments for debt acquired in acquisitions 
and interest rate swaps and payments of $142 million related to unamortized net discount.
(c) Interest payments on floating-rate debt are estimated using interest rates effective as of December 31, 2016.
(d) See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on operating leases.
(e) Primarily reflects non-cancelable commitments as of December 31, 2016. 
Long-term contractual commitments, except for our long-term debt obligations, are generally not recorded 
on our balance sheet. Operating leases primarily represent building leases. Non-cancelable purchasing 
commitments are primarily for oranges, orange juice and certain other commodities. Non-cancelable 
marketing commitments are primarily for sports marketing. Bottler funding to independent bottlers is not 
reflected in our long-term contractual commitments as it is negotiated on an annual basis. Accrued liabilities 
for pension and retiree medical plans are not reflected in our long-term contractual commitments. See Note 
7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our pension and retiree medical 
obligations.
Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements
We do not have guarantees or other off-balance-sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest 
entities, that we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
74
Page#94
Table of Contents
We coordinate, on an aggregate basis, the contract negotiations of raw material requirements, including 
sweeteners, aluminum cans and plastic bottles and closures for us and certain of our independent bottlers. 
Once we have negotiated the contracts, the bottlers order and take delivery directly from the supplier and 
pay the suppliers directly. Consequently, these transactions are not reflected in our consolidated financial 
statements. As the contracting party, we could be liable to these suppliers in the event of any nonpayment 
by our bottlers, but we consider this exposure to be remote.
Return on Invested Capital
ROIC is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on ROIC, see “Non-GAAP Measures.”
 2016 2015
(a)
Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 6,329 $ 5,452
Interest expense 1,342 970
Tax on interest expense (483) (349)
$ 7,188 $ 6,073
(b)
Average debt obligations $ 35,308 $ 31,169
(c)
Average common shareholders’ equity 11,943 15,147
Average invested capital $ 47,251 $ 46,316
(a)
Return on invested capital 15.2 % 13.1 %
(a) Reflects the impact of the Venezuela impairment charges of $1.4 billion in 2015.
(b) Average debt obligations includes a quarterly average of short-term and long-term debt obligations.
(c) Average common shareholders’ equity includes a quarterly average of common stock, capital in excess of par value, retained earnings, 
accumulated other comprehensive loss and repurchased common stock.
The table below reconciles ROIC as calculated above to net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability.
 2016 2015
ROIC 15.2 % 13.1 %
Impact of:
Average cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 6.0 4.1
Interest income (0.2) (0.1)
Tax on interest income 0.1 —
Commodity mark-to-market net impact (0.2) —
Restructuring and impairment charges 0.1 0.2
Charges related to the transaction with Tingyi 0.6 0.1
Pension-related settlement charge/(benefits) 0.3 (0.1)
Venezuela impairment charges (0.5) 2.7
Tax benefits 0.1 (0.4)
Net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability 21.5 % 19.6 %
75
Page#95
Table of Contents
Consolidated Statement of Income
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 
(in millions except per share amounts)
 
2016 2015 2014
Net Revenue $ 62,799 $ 63,056 $ 66,683
Cost of sales 28,209 28,731 31,238
Gross profit 34,590 34,325 35,445
Selling, general and administrative expenses 24,735 24,538 25,772
Venezuela impairment charges — 1,359 —
Amortization of intangible assets 70 75 92
Operating Profit 9,785 8,353 9,581
Interest expense (1,342) (970) (909)
Interest income and other 110 59 85
Income before income taxes 8,553 7,442 8,757
Provision for income taxes 2,174 1,941 2,199
Net income 6,379 5,501 6,558
Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 50 49 45
Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo $ 6,329 $ 5,452 $ 6,513
Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per Common Share
Basic $ 4.39 $ 3.71 $ 4.31
Diluted $ 4.36 $ 3.67 $ 4.27
Weighted-average common shares outstanding
Basic 1,439 1,469 1,509
Diluted 1,452 1,485 1,527
Cash dividends declared per common share $ 2.96 $ 2.7625 $ 2.5325
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
76
Page#96
Table of Contents
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 
(in millions)
2016
Pre-tax amounts Tax amounts After-tax amounts
Net income $ 6,379
Other comprehensive loss
Currency translation adjustment $ (309) $ 7 (302)
Cash flow hedges:
Reclassification of net losses to net income 150 (63) 87
Net derivative losses (74) 33 (41)
Pension and retiree medical:
Reclassification of net losses to net income 407 (144) 263
Remeasurement of net liabilities and translation (750) 171 (579)
Unrealized losses on securities (43) 19 (24)
Total other comprehensive loss $ (619) $ 23 (596)
Comprehensive income 5,783
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests (54)
Comprehensive Income Attributable to PepsiCo $ 5,729
2015
Pre-tax amounts Tax amounts After-tax amounts
Net income $ 5,501
Other comprehensive loss
Currency translation:
  Currency translation adjustment $ (2,938) $ — (2,938)
  Reclassification associated with Venezuelan entities 111 — 111
Cash flow hedges:
Reclassification of net losses to net income 97 (47) 50
Net derivative losses (95) 48 (47)
Pension and retiree medical:
Reclassification of net losses to net income 246 (74) 172
Reclassification associated with Venezuelan entities 20 (4) 16
Remeasurement of net liabilities and translation (88) 71 (17)
Unrealized gains on securities 3 (2) 1
Total other comprehensive loss $ (2,644) $ (8) (2,652)
Comprehensive income 2,849
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests (47)
Comprehensive Income Attributable to PepsiCo $ 2,802
2014
Pre-tax amounts Tax amounts After-tax amounts
Net income $ 6,558
Other comprehensive loss
Currency translation adjustment $ (5,010) $ — (5,010)
Cash flow hedges:
Reclassification of net losses to net income 249 (95) 154
Net derivative losses (88) 44 (44)
Pension and retiree medical:
Reclassification of net losses to net income 369 (122) 247
Remeasurement of net liabilities and translation (1,323) 437 (886)
Unrealized losses on securities (11) 5 (6)
Other 1 — 1
Total other comprehensive loss $ (5,813) $ 269 (5,544)
Comprehensive income 1,014
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests (43)
Comprehensive Income Attributable to PepsiCo $ 971
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
77
Page#97
Table of Contents
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 
(in millions)
2016 2015 2014
Operating Activities
Net income $ 6,379 $ 5,501 $ 6,558
Depreciation and amortization 2,368 2,416 2,625
Share-based compensation expense 284 295 297
Restructuring and impairment charges 160 230 418
Cash payments for restructuring charges (125) (208) (266)
Charges related to the transaction with Tingyi 373 73 —
Venezuela impairment charges — 1,359 —
Venezuela remeasurement charge — — 105
Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements (139) (133) (114)
Pension and retiree medical plan expenses 501 467 667
Pension and retiree medical plan contributions (695) (205) (655)
Deferred income taxes and other tax charges and credits 452 78 (19)
Change in assets and liabilities:
Accounts and notes receivable (349) (461) (343)
Inventories (75) (244) (111)
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 10 (50) 80
Accounts payable and other current liabilities 997 1,692 1,162
Income taxes payable 329 55 371
Other, net (66) (285) (269)
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 10,404 10,580 10,506
Investing Activities
Capital spending (3,040) (2,758) (2,859)
Sales of property, plant and equipment 99 86 115
Acquisitions and investments in noncontrolled affiliates (212) (86) (88)
Reduction of cash due to Venezuela deconsolidation — (568) —
Divestitures 85 76 203
Short-term investments, by original maturity:
More than three months - purchases (12,504) (4,428) (6,305)
More than three months - maturities 8,399 4,111 3,891
Three months or less, net 16 3 116
Other investing, net 9 (5) (10)
Net Cash Used for Investing Activities (7,148) (3,569) (4,937)
Financing Activities
Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt 7,818 8,702 3,855
Payments of long-term debt (3,105) (4,095) (2,189)
Debt redemptions (2,504) — —
Short-term borrowings, by original maturity:
More than three months - proceeds 59 15 50
More than three months - payments (27) (43) (10)
Three months or less, net 1,505 53 (2,037)
Cash dividends paid (4,227) (4,040) (3,730)
Share repurchases - common (3,000) (5,000) (5,012)
Share repurchases - preferred (7) (5) (10)
Proceeds from exercises of stock options 465 504 755
Excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements 139 133 114
Other financing (58) (52) (50)
Net Cash Used for Financing Activities (2,942) (3,828) (8,264)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (252) (221) (546)
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 62 2,962 (3,241)
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year 9,096 6,134 9,375
Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year $ 9,158 $ 9,096 $ 6,134
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
78
Page#98
Table of Contents
Consolidated Balance Sheet
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015 
(in millions except per share amounts)
2016 2015
ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,158 $ 9,096
Short-term investments 6,967 2,913
Accounts and notes receivable, net 6,694 6,437
Inventories 2,723 2,720
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 1,547 1,865
Total Current Assets 27,089 23,031
Property, Plant and Equipment, net 16,591 16,317
Amortizable Intangible Assets, net 1,237 1,270
Goodwill 14,430 14,177
Other nonamortizable intangible assets 12,196 11,811
Nonamortizable Intangible Assets 26,626 25,988
Investments in Noncontrolled Affiliates 1,950 2,311
Other Assets 636 750
Total Assets $ 74,129 $ 69,667
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current Liabilities
Short-term debt obligations $ 6,892 $ 4,071
Accounts payable and other current liabilities 14,243 13,507
Total Current Liabilities 21,135 17,578
Long-Term Debt Obligations 30,053 29,213
Other Liabilities 6,669 5,887
Deferred Income Taxes 5,073 4,959
Total Liabilities 62,930 57,637
Commitments and contingencies
Preferred Stock, no par value 41 41
Repurchased Preferred Stock (192) (186)
PepsiCo Common Shareholders’ Equity
2
Common stock, par value 1 / ¢ per share (authorized 3,600 shares, issued, net of repurchased
3
  common stock at par value: 1,428 and 1,448 shares, respectively) 24 24
Capital in excess of par value 4,091 4,076
Retained earnings 52,518 50,472
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (13,919) (13,319)
Repurchased common stock, in excess of par value (438 and 418 shares, respectively) (31,468) (29,185)
Total PepsiCo Common Shareholders’ Equity 11,246 12,068
Noncontrolling interests 104 107
Total Equity 11,199 12,030
Total Liabilities and Equity $ 74,129 $ 69,667
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
79
Page#99
Table of Contents
Consolidated Statement of Equity
PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014
(in millions)
 
 2016 2015 2014
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount
Preferred Stock 0.8 $ 41 0.8 $ 41 0.8 $ 41
Repurchased Preferred Stock
Balance, beginning of year (0.7) (186) (0.7) (181) (0.6) (171)
Redemptions — (6) — (5) (0.1) (10)
Balance, end of year (0.7) (192) (0.7) (186) (0.7) (181)
Common Stock
Balance, beginning of year 1,448 24 1,488 25 1,529 25
Repurchased common stock (20) — (40) (1) (41) —
Balance, end of year 1,428 24 1,448 24 1,488 25
Capital in Excess of Par Value
Balance, beginning of year 4,076 4,115 4,095
Share-based compensation expense 289 299 294
Stock option exercises, RSUs, PSUs and PEPunits 
 (a)
converted (138) (182) (200)
Withholding tax on RSUs, PSUs and PEPunits
converted (130) (151) (91)
Other (6) (5) 17
Balance, end of year 4,091 4,076 4,115
Retained Earnings
Balance, beginning of year 50,472 49,092 46,420
Net income attributable to PepsiCo 6,329 5,452 6,513
Cash dividends declared - common (4,282) (4,071) (3,840)
Cash dividends declared - preferred (1) (1) (1)
Balance, end of year 52,518 50,472 49,092
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
Balance, beginning of year (13,319) (10,669) (5,127)
Other comprehensive loss attributable to PepsiCo (600) (2,650) (5,542)
Balance, end of year (13,919) (13,319) (10,669)
Repurchased Common Stock
Balance, beginning of year (418) (29,185) (378) (24,985) (337) (21,004)
Share repurchases (29) (3,000) (52) (4,999) (57) (5,012)
Stock option exercises, RSUs, PSUs and PEPunits
9 712 12 794 15 1,030
converted
Other — 5 — 5 1 1
Balance, end of year (438) (31,468) (418) (29,185) (378) (24,985)
Total PepsiCo Common Shareholders’ Equity 11,246 12,068 17,578
Noncontrolling Interests
Balance, beginning of year 107 110 110
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 50 49 45
Distributions to noncontrolling interests (55) (48) (41)
Currency translation adjustment 4 (2) (2)
Other, net (2) (2) (2)
Balance, end of year 104 107 110
Total Equity $ 11,199 $ 12,030 $ 17,548
(a) Includes total tax benefits of $110 million in 2016, $107 million in 2015 and $74 million in 2014.
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
80
Page#100
Table of Contents
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 — Basis of Presentation and Our Divisions
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the 
consolidated accounts of PepsiCo, Inc. and the affiliates that we control. In addition, we include our share 
of the results of certain other affiliates using the equity method based on our economic ownership interest, 
our ability to exercise significant influence over the operating or financial decisions of these affiliates or our 
ability to direct their economic resources. We do not control these other affiliates, as our ownership in these 
other affiliates is generally 50% or less. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. 
Raw materials, direct labor and plant overhead, as well as purchasing and receiving costs, costs directly 
related to production planning, inspection costs and raw materials handling facilities, are included in cost of 
sales. The costs of moving, storing and delivering finished product are included in selling, general and 
administrative expenses.
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and 
liabilities. Estimates are used in determining, among other items, sales incentives accruals, tax reserves, 
share-based compensation, pension and retiree medical accruals, amounts and useful lives for intangible 
assets and future cash flows associated with impairment testing for perpetual brands, goodwill and other 
long-lived assets. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as 
other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust 
or revise our estimates as circumstances change. As future events and their effect cannot be determined with 
precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates.
Effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015, we deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiaries from our 
consolidated financial statements and began accounting for our investments in our wholly-owned Venezuelan 
subsidiaries and joint venture using the cost method of accounting. See subsequent discussion of “Venezuela.”
Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of each December, resulting in an additional week of results every 
five or six years. Our fiscal 2016 results include an extra week. While our North America results are reported 
on a weekly calendar basis, most of our international operations report on a monthly calendar basis. Certain 
operations in our ESSA segment report on a weekly calendar basis. The following chart details our quarterly 
reporting schedule for 2016, reflecting the extra week in the fourth quarter:
 
Quarter United States and Canada International
 
First Quarter 12 weeks January, February
 
Second Quarter 12 weeks March, April and May
 
Third Quarter 12 weeks June, July and August
 
Fourth Quarter 17 weeks September, October, November and December
 
See “Our Divisions” below, and for additional unaudited information on items affecting the comparability 
of our consolidated results, see further unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” in 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts 
reflect common per share amounts, assume dilution unless noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. 
Reclassifications were made to prior years’ amounts to conform to the current year presentation, including 
81
Page#101
Table of Contents
the presentation of certain functional support costs associated with the manufacturing and production of our 
products within cost of sales. These costs were previously included in selling, general and administrative 
expenses. For the years ended December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, these reclassifications resulted 
in an increase in cost of sales of $347 million and $354 million, respectively, with a corresponding reduction 
to gross profit and selling, general and administrative expenses in the same years. These reclassifications 
reflect changes in how we are classifying costs of certain support functions as a result of ongoing productivity 
and efficiency initiatives. These reclassifications had no impact on our consolidated net revenue, operating 
profit, net interest expense, provision for income taxes, net income or EPS. 
Our Divisions
Through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, 
distribute and sell a wide variety of convenient and enjoyable beverages, foods and snacks, serving customers 
and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories with our largest operations in North America, 
Mexico, Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil. Division results are based on how our Chief Executive 
Officer assesses the performance of and allocates resources to our divisions and are considered our reportable 
segments. For additional unaudited information on our divisions, see “Our Operations” contained in “Item 
1. Business.” The accounting policies for the divisions are the same as those described in Note 2, except for 
the following allocation methodologies:
• share-based compensation expense;
• pension and retiree medical expense; and
• derivatives.
Share-Based Compensation Expense
Our divisions are held accountable for share-based compensation expense and, therefore, this expense is 
allocated to our divisions as an incremental employee compensation cost. The allocation of share-based 
compensation expense in 2016 was approximately 14% to FLNA, 2% to QFNA, 22% to NAB, 7% to Latin 
America, 11% to ESSA, 10% to AMENA and 34% to corporate unallocated expenses. We had similar 
allocations of share-based compensation expense to our divisions in 2015 and 2014. The expense allocated 
to our divisions excludes any impact of changes in our assumptions during the year which reflect market 
conditions over which division management has no control. Therefore, any variances between allocated 
expense and our actual expense are recognized in corporate unallocated expenses.
Pension and Retiree Medical Expense
Pension and retiree medical service costs measured at fixed discount rates, as well as amortization of costs 
related to certain pension plan amendments and gains and losses due to demographics (including mortality 
assumptions and salary experience) are reflected in division results for North American employees. Division 
results also include interest costs, measured at fixed discount rates, for retiree medical plans. Interest costs 
for the pension plans, pension asset returns and the impact of pension funding, and gains and losses other 
than those due to demographics, are all reflected in corporate unallocated expenses. In addition, for our North 
American plans, corporate unallocated expenses include the difference between the service costs measured 
at a fixed discount rate (included in division results as noted above) and the total service costs determined 
using the plans’ discount rates as disclosed in Note 7.
Derivatives
We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our divisions. These commodity derivatives include 
agricultural products, energy and metals. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting 
treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate 
unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on 
82
Page#102
Table of Contents
the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in division results when the 
divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Therefore, the divisions realize 
the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility, which 
remains in corporate unallocated expenses. These derivatives hedge underlying commodity price risk and 
were not entered into for trading or speculative purposes.
Net revenue and operating profit/(loss) of each division are as follows:
(a) 
 Net Revenue Operating Profit/(Loss)
 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014
FLNA $ 15,549 $ 14,782 $ 14,502 $ 4,659 $ 4,304 $ 4,054
QFNA 2,564 2,543 2,568 653 560 621
NAB 21,312 20,618 20,171 2,959 2,785 2,421
Latin America 6,820 8,228 9,425 887 (206) 1,636
ESSA 10,216 10,510 13,399 1,108 1,081 1,389
 
AMENA 6,338 6,375 6,618 619 941 985
Total division 62,799 63,056 66,683 10,885 9,465 11,106
Corporate Unallocated — — — (1,100) (1,112) (1,525)
$ 62,799 $ 63,056 $ 66,683 $ 9,785 $ 8,353 $ 9,581
(a) For further unaudited information on certain items that impacted our financial performance, see “Item 6. Selected Financial Data.”
2016 Net Revenue 2016 Division Operating Proﬁt
AMENA
AMENA
6%
10%
ESSA
FLNA 10%
25%
ESSA Latin 
16% America
8% FLNA
43%
QFNA
4%
Latin 
America
11%
NAB
27%
NAB QFNA
34% 6%
Corporate Unallocated
Corporate unallocated includes costs of our corporate headquarters, centrally managed initiatives such as 
research and development projects, unallocated insurance and benefit programs, foreign exchange transaction 
gains and losses, commodity derivative gains and losses, our ongoing business transformation initiatives and 
certain other items.
83
Page#103
TTaabbllee ooff CCoonntteennttss
Table of Contents
OOtthheerr DDiivviissiioonn IInnffoorrmmaattiioonn
 
TOToothttaaellr aa Dssssieevttisss iaaonnndd  Iccnaafppoiirttmaall asstppioeennnddiinngg ooff eeaacchh ddiivviissiioonn aarree aass ffoolllloowwss::
 
Total assets and capital spending of each division are as follows:
  TToottaall AAsssseettss CCaappiittaall SSppeennddiinngg
  22001166 22001155 22001166 22001155 22001144
 Total Assets Capital Spending
FFLLNNAA $$ 55,,775599 $$ 55,,337755 $$ 880011 $$ 660088 $$ 551199
 2016 2015 2016 2015 2014
QQFFNNAA 882266 887722 4411 4400 5588
FLNA $ 5,759 $ 5,375 $ 801 $ 608 $ 519
NNAABB 2288,,445522 2288,,112288 776699 669955 770088
QFNA 826 872 41 40 58
LLaattiinn AAmmeerriiccaa 44,,664400 44,,228844 550077 336688 337799
NAB 28,452 28,128 769 695 708
EESSSSAA 1122,,440066 1122,,222255 443399 440044 550022
Latin America 4,640 4,284 507 368 379
AAMMEENNAA 55,,330033 55,,990011 338811 444411 551177
ESSA 12,406 12,225 439 404 502
TToottaall ddiivviissiioonn 5577,,338866 5566,,778855 22,,993388 22,,555566 22,,668833
AMENA 5,303 5,901 381 441 517
 ((aa))
CCoorrppoorraattee 1166,,774433 1122,,888822 110022 220022 117766
Total division 57,386 56,785 2,938 2,556 2,683
$$ 7744,,112299 $$ 6699,,666677 $$ 33,,004400 $$ 22,,775588 $$ 22,,885599
 (a)
Corporate 16,743 12,882 102 202 176
((aa))  CCoorrppoorraattee aasssseettss ccoonnssiisstt pprriinncciippaallllyy ooff cceerrttaaiinn ccaasshh aanndd ccaasshh eeqquuiivvaalleennttss,, sshhoorrtt--tteerrmm iinnvveessttmmeennttss,, ddeerriivvaattiivvee iinnssttrruummeennttss,, pprrooppeerrttyy,, ppllaanntt 
$ 74,129 $ 69,667 $ 3,040 $ 2,758 $ 2,859
aanndd eeqquuiippmmeenntt,, ppeennssiioonn aanndd ttaaxx aasssseettss IInn 22001166,, tthhee cchhaannggee iinn ttoottaall CCoorrppoorraattee aasssseettss wwaass pprriimmaarriillyy dduuee ttoo aann iinnccrreeaassee iinn sshhoorrtt--tteerrmm iinnvveessttmmeennttss..
(a) Corporate assets consist principally of certain cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, derivative instruments, property, plant 
and equipment, pension and tax assets. In 2016, the change in total Corporate assets was primarily due to an increase in short-term investments.
2016 Total Assets 2016 Capital Spending
Corporate
FLNA
4%
8%
QFNA
AMENA
Corporate 1%
FLNA
13%
23%
26%
ESSA
14%
AMENA QFNA
7% NAB 1%
38%
Latin 
ESSA NAB
America
17% 25%
17%
Latin
America
6%
AAmmoorrttiizzaattiioonn ooff iinnttaannggiibbllee aasssseettss aanndd ddeepprreecciiaattiioonn aanndd ootthheerr aammoorrttiizzaattiioonn ooff eeaacchh ddiivviissiioonn aarree aass ffoolllloowwss::
Amortization of intangible assets and depreciation and other amortization of each division are as follows:
AAmmoorrttiizzaattiioonn ooff  DDeepprreecciiaattiioonn aanndd
 
IInnttaannggiibbllee AAsssseettss OOtthheerr AAmmoorrttiizzaattiioonn
Amortization of Depreciation and
  22001166 22001155 22001144 22001166 22001155 22001144
 
Intangible Assets Other Amortization
FFLLNNAA $$ 77 $$ 77 $$ 77 $$ 443355 $$ 442277 $$ 442244
 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014
QQFFNNAA —— —— —— 5500 5511 5511
FLNA $ 7 $ 7 $ 7 $ 435 $ 427 $ 424
NNAABB 3377 3388 4433 880099 881133 883377
QFNA — — — 50 51 51
LLaattiinn AAmmeerriiccaa 55 77 1100 221111 223388 227733
NAB 37 38 43 809 813 837
EESSSSAA 1188 2200 2288 332211 335533 447711
Latin America 5 7 10 211 238 273
AAMMEENNAA 33 33 44 229944 229933 331133
ESSA 18 20 28 321 353 471
TToottaall ddiivviissiioonn 7700 7755 9922 22,,112200 22,,117755 22,,336699
AMENA 3 3 4 294 293 313
CCoorrppoorraattee —— —— —— 117788 116666 116644
Total division 70 75 92 2,120 2,175 2,369
$$ 7700 $$ 7755 $$ 9922 $$ 22,,229988 $$ 22,,334411 $$ 22,,553333
Corporate — — — 178 166 164
$ 70 $ 75 $ 92 $ 2,298 $ 2,341 $ 2,533
8844
84
Page#104
Table of Contents
Net revenue and long-lived assets by country are as follows:
(a)
 Net Revenue Long-Lived Assets
 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015
United States $ 36,732 $ 35,266 $ 34,219 $ 28,382 $ 27,876
Mexico 3,431 3,687 4,113 998 994
Canada 2,692 2,677 3,022 2,499 2,386
(b)
Russia 2,648 2,797 4,414 4,373 3,614
United Kingdom 1,737 1,966 2,174 852 1,107
Brazil 1,305 1,289 1,790 796 649
(c)
All other countries 14,254 15,374 16,951 8,504 9,260
$ 62,799 $ 63,056 $ 66,683 $ 46,404 $ 45,886
(a) Long-lived assets represent property, plant and equipment, nonamortizable intangible assets, amortizable intangible assets and investments 
in noncontrolled affiliates. These assets are reported in the country where they are primarily used.
(b) Change in long-lived assets in 2016 primarily reflects appreciation of the Russian ruble. Change in net revenue in 2015 primarily reflects 
the depreciation of the Russian ruble.
(c) Included in long-lived assets in all other countries as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015 are $166 million and $538 million, 
respectively, related to our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB. 
2016 Net Revenue 2016 Long-Lived Assets
Other
Other 18%
23%
United States
United States
58%
Brazil 61%
2%
United
Brazil Kingdom
2% 2%
Canada
United
5%
Kingdom
3% Mexico
2%
Canada
4%
Russia
Mexico 10%
6%
Russia
4%
Venezuela 
Prior to the end of the third quarter of 2015, the financial position and results of operations of our Venezuelan 
snack and beverage businesses, which consist of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and our beverage joint 
venture with our franchise bottler in Venezuela, were included in our consolidated financial statements and 
reported under highly-inflationary accounting, with the functional currency of the U.S. dollar. 
Conditions in Venezuela, including restrictive exchange control regulations and reduced access to U.S. dollars 
through official currency exchange markets, have resulted in an other-than-temporary lack of exchangeability 
between the Venezuelan bolivar and the U.S. dollar. The exchange restrictions and other conditions have 
significantly impacted our ability to effectively manage our businesses in Venezuela, including limiting our 
ability to import certain raw materials and to settle U.S. dollar-denominated obligations, and have restricted 
our ability to realize the earnings generated out of our Venezuelan businesses. We expect these conditions 
will continue for the foreseeable future. 
As a result of these factors, we concluded that, effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015, we did 
not meet the accounting criteria for control over our wholly-owned Venezuelan subsidiaries, and we no longer 
had significant influence over our beverage joint venture with our franchise bottler in Venezuela. Therefore, 
effective at the end of the third quarter of 2015, we deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiaries and began 
accounting for our investments in our Venezuelan subsidiaries and joint venture using the cost method of 
accounting. We recorded pre- and after-tax charges of $1.4 billion in our income statement to reduce the 
85
Page#105
Table of Contents
value of the cost method investments to their estimated fair values, resulting in a full impairment. The 
impairment charges primarily included approximately $1.2 billion related to our investments in previously 
consolidated Venezuelan subsidiaries and our joint venture and $111 million related to the reclassification 
of cumulative translation losses. The estimated fair value of the investments in our Venezuelan entities was 
derived using discounted cash flow analyses, including U.S. dollar exchange and discount rate assumptions 
that reflected the inflation and economic uncertainty in Venezuela, and are considered non-recurring Level 
3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. The factors that led to the above-mentioned conclusions at 
the end of the third quarter of 2015 continued to exist through the end of 2016. 
As of the end of 2016, consistent with the end of the third quarter of 2015, we did not consolidate the assets 
and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiaries in our balance sheet. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, 
our financial results have not included the results of our Venezuelan businesses. We do not have any guarantees 
related to our Venezuelan entities, and our ongoing contractual commitments to our Venezuelan businesses 
are not material. We will recognize income from dividends and sales of inventory to our Venezuelan entities, 
which have not been and are not expected to be material, to the extent cash in U.S. dollars is received. We 
did not receive any cash in U.S. dollars from our Venezuelan entities during the fourth quarter of 2015 or 
fiscal year 2016. We will continue to monitor the conditions in Venezuela and their impact on our accounting 
and disclosures. For further unaudited information, see “Our Business Risks” and “Our Liquidity and Capital 
Resources” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Note 2 — Our Significant Accounting Policies
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue upon shipment or delivery to our customers based on written sales terms that do not 
allow for a right of return. However, our policy for DSD and certain chilled products is to remove and replace 
damaged and out-of-date products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality 
and freshness they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain warehouse-distributed products is to replace 
damaged and out-of-date products. Based on our experience with this practice, we have reserved for 
anticipated damaged and out-of-date products. For additional unaudited information on our revenue 
recognition and related policies, including our policy on bad debts, see “Our Critical Accounting Policies” 
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
We are exposed to concentration of credit risk from our major customers, including Wal-Mart. In 2016, sales 
to Wal-Mart (including Sam’s) represented approximately 13% of our total net revenue, including concentrate 
sales to our independent bottlers, which are used in finished goods sold by them to Wal-Mart. We have not 
experienced credit issues with these customers.
Total Marketplace Spending
We offer sales incentives and discounts through various programs to customers and consumers. Total 
marketplace spending includes sales incentives, discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales 
incentives and discounts are primarily accounted for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to 
customers for performing merchandising activities on our behalf, such as payments for in-store displays, 
payments to gain distribution of new products, payments for shelf space and discounts to promote lower 
retail prices. It also includes support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and 
other marketing activities. While most of these incentive arrangements have terms of no more than one year, 
certain arrangements, such as fountain pouring rights, may extend beyond one year. Costs incurred to obtain 
these arrangements are recognized over the shorter of the economic or contractual life, primarily as a reduction 
of revenue, and the remaining balances of $291 million as of December 31, 2016 and $321 million as of 
December 26, 2015 are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our balance 
sheet. For additional unaudited information on our sales incentives, see “Our Critical Accounting Policies” 
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
86
Page#106
Table of Contents
Advertising and other marketing activities, reported as selling, general and administrative expenses, totaled 
$4.2 billion in 2016 and $3.9 billion in both 2015 and 2014, including advertising expenses of $2.5 billion
in 2016, $2.4 billion in 2015 and $2.3 billion in 2014. Deferred advertising costs are not expensed until the 
year first used and consist of:
• media and personal service prepayments;
• promotional materials in inventory; and
• production costs of future media advertising.
Deferred advertising costs of $32 million and $40 million as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, 
respectively, are classified as prepaid expenses and other current assets on our balance sheet.
Distribution Costs
Distribution costs, including the costs of shipping and handling activities, are reported as selling, general 
and administrative expenses. Shipping and handling expenses were $9.7 billion in 2016, $9.4 billion in 2015
and $9.7 billion in 2014.
Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents are highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.
Software Costs
We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with 
developing or obtaining computer software for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is 
completed and it is probable that the software will be used as intended. Capitalized software costs include 
only (i) external direct costs of materials and services utilized in developing or obtaining computer software, 
(ii) compensation and related benefits for employees who are directly associated with the software projects 
and (iii) interest costs incurred while developing internal-use computer software. Capitalized software costs 
are included in property, plant and equipment on our balance sheet and amortized on a straight-line basis 
when placed into service over the estimated useful lives of the software, which approximate five to 10 years. 
Software amortization totaled $214 million in 2016, $202 million in 2015 and $208 million in 2014. Net 
capitalized software and development costs were $791 million and $863 million as of December 31, 2016
and December 26, 2015, respectively.
 
Commitments and Contingencies
We are subject to various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, certain taxes and environmental 
matters, as well as commitments under contractual and other commercial obligations. We recognize liabilities 
for contingencies and commitments when a loss is probable and estimable. For additional unaudited 
information on our commitments, see “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Research and Development
We engage in a variety of research and development activities and continue to invest to accelerate growth 
and to drive innovation globally. Consumer research is excluded from research and development costs and 
included in other marketing costs. Research and development costs were $760 million, $754 million and 
$718 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and are reported within selling, general and administrative 
expenses. 
See “Research and Development” in “Item 1. Business” for additional unaudited information about our 
research and development activities. 
87
Page#107
Table of Contents
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized and are assessed for impairment at least 
annually, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. We perform this annual assessment during our 
third quarter. Where we use the qualitative assessment, first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it 
is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Factors considered include macroeconomic, industry and 
competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant 
changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not 
that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed.
In the quantitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, if the carrying amount of the indefinite-
lived intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, as determined by its discounted cash flows, an 
impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Quantitative assessment of goodwill is 
performed using a two-step impairment test at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit can be a division or 
business within a division. The first step compares the carrying value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, 
with its estimated fair value, as determined by its discounted cash flows. If the carrying value of a reporting 
unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we complete the second step to determine the amount of goodwill 
impairment loss that we should record, if any. In the second step, we determine an implied fair value of the 
reporting unit’s goodwill by allocating the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and 
liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). The amount of impairment 
loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill. 
The quantitative assessment, described above requires an analysis of several estimates including future cash 
flows or income consistent with management’s strategic business plans, annual sales growth rates, perpetuity 
growth assumptions and the selection of assumptions underlying a discount rate (weighted average cost of 
capital) based on market data available at the time. Significant management judgment is necessary to estimate 
the impact of competitive operating, macroeconomic and other factors to estimate future levels of sales, 
operating profit or cash flows. All assumptions used in our impairment evaluations for nonamortizable 
intangible assets, such as forecasted growth rates and weighted-average cost of capital, are based on the best 
available market information and are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans.
Amortizable intangible assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating 
or macroeconomic environment. If an evaluation of the undiscounted future cash flows indicates impairment, 
the asset is written down to its estimated fair value, which is based on its discounted future cash flows.
See also Note 4, and for additional unaudited information on goodwill and other intangible assets, see “Our 
Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results 
of Operations.
88
Page#108
Table of Contents
Other Significant Accounting Policies
Our other significant accounting policies are disclosed as follows:
• Basis of Presentation – Note 1 - Basis of Presentation for a description of our policies regarding use 
of estimates, basis of presentation and consolidation.
• Property, Plant and Equipment – Note 4.
• Income Taxes – Note 5, and for additional unaudited information see, “Our Critical Accounting 
Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations.
• Share-Based Compensation – Note 6.
• Pension, Retiree Medical and Savings Plans – Note 7, and for additional unaudited information, see 
“Our Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations.
• Financial Instruments – Note 9, and for additional unaudited information, see “Our Business Risks” 
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
• Inventories – Note 13. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is 
determined using the average; first-in, first-out (FIFO) or last-in, first-out (LIFO) methods. 
• Translation of Financial Statements of Foreign Subsidiaries – Financial statements of foreign 
subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities 
and weighted-average exchange rates for revenues and expenses. Adjustments resulting from 
translating net assets are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss 
within common shareholders’ equity as currency translation adjustment.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements - Adopted 
In 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to clarify how certain cash 
receipts and payments should be presented in the cash flow statement. The guidance is effective in 2018 with 
early adoption permitted. We early adopted the provisions of this guidance retrospectively during our fourth 
quarter of 2016, including in connection with the debt redemption discussed in Note 8; the adoption did not 
have a material impact on our financial statements.
In 2015, the FASB issued guidance that changes the subsequent measurement for certain inventory methods 
from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. We adopted the provisions of 
this guidance during our fourth quarter of 2016; the adoption did not have a material impact on our financial 
statements.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements - Not Yet Adopted 
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify how restricted cash should be presented in the cash flow 
statement. The guidance is effective in 2018 with early adoption permitted. The guidance is not expected to 
have a material impact on our financial statements. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption of 
this guidance. 
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain 
other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other 
instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that will replace 
today’s incurred loss model and generally will result in earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For 
available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar 
to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized as an allowance. The guidance is effective in 
2020 with early adoption permitted in 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our 
financial statements and the timing of adoption.
89
Page#109
Table of Contents
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the accounting for certain aspects of share-based payments 
to employees. The guidance requires the recognition in the income statement of the income tax effects of 
vested or settled awards on a prospective basis. Additionally, within the cash flow statement, the guidance 
requires the excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements to be presented within operating 
activities and withholding tax payments upon vesting of restricted stock units (RSUs), performance stock 
units (PSUs) and PepsiCo equity performance units (PEPunits) to be presented within financing activities. 
We will apply the change in the presentation on the cash flow statement retrospectively. The guidance also 
allows for the employer to repurchase more of an employee’s shares for tax withholding purposes and not 
classify the award as a liability that requires valuation on a mark-to-market basis. In addition, the guidance 
allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. We will continue to apply our policy of 
estimating forfeiture rates. We will adopt this guidance beginning in the first quarter of 2017 and the impact 
on our financial statements will be dependent on the timing of award vesting or exercises, our tax rate and 
the intrinsic value when awards vest or are exercised. For the years 2016 and 2015, our excess tax benefits 
recognized were $110 million and $107 million, respectively. If we had applied this standard in 2016 and 
2015, the impact would have been a $0.07 increase to EPS in both years. For the years 2016 and 2015, the 
impact to our operating cash flow was an increase of $269 million and $284 million, respectively. 
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that eliminates the requirement that an investor retrospectively apply 
equity method accounting for an investment originally accounted for by another method. The guidance 
requires that an equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the 
current basis of the investor’s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the 
date the ability to exercise significant influence is achieved. The guidance is effective and we will adopt 
prospectively beginning in the first quarter of 2017.
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets, but 
record expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, the guidance 
modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The guidance 
is effective in 2019 with early adoption permitted. We expect this adoption will result in an increase in the 
assets and liabilities on our balance sheet. We commenced our assessment of the impact of the guidance on 
our current lease portfolio from both a lessor and lessee perspective. See Note 13 for our minimum lease 
payments under non-cancelable operating leases. 
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires companies to measure investments in certain equity securities 
at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income. The guidance is effective in 2018 and 
early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial 
statements, including the impact on certain of our investments in noncontrolled affiliates and our available-
for-sale securities. See Note 9 for further information on our available-for-sale securities. 
In 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires companies to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities 
as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective and we will adopt retrospectively beginning in 
the first quarter of 2017. The impact of the guidance to our 2016 balance sheet is a reclassification of $639 
million of assets from current to non-current on our balance sheet. See Note 5 for further information on 
deferred taxes.
In 2014, the FASB issued guidance on revenue recognition, with final amendments issued in 2016. The 
guidance provides for a five-step model to determine the revenue recognized for the transfer of goods or 
services to customers that reflects the expected entitled consideration in exchange for those goods or services. 
It also provides clarification for principal versus agent considerations and identifying performance 
obligations. In addition, the FASB introduced practical expedients related to disclosures of remaining 
performance obligations, as well as other amendments to guidance on collectability, non-cash consideration 
and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes. Financial statement disclosures required under the 
guidance will enable users to understand the nature, amount, timing, judgments and uncertainty of revenue 
90
Page#110
Table of Contents
and cash flows relating to customer contracts. The two permitted transition methods under the guidance are 
the full retrospective approach or a cumulative effect adjustment to the opening retained earnings in the year 
of adoption (cumulative effect approach). The guidance is effective in 2018, with early adoption permitted.
We are utilizing a comprehensive approach to assess the impact of the guidance on our contract portfolio by 
reviewing our current accounting policies and practices to identify potential differences that would result 
from applying the new requirements to our revenue contracts, including evaluation of our performance 
obligations, principal versus agent and variable consideration. We continue to make significant progress on 
our contract reviews and are also in the process of evaluating the impact, if any, on changes to our business 
processes, systems and controls to support recognition and disclosure under the new guidance and, based on 
the foregoing, we do not currently expect this guidance to have a material impact on our financial statements. 
We are continuing with our implementation plan and currently expect to adopt the new guidance beginning 
in 2018 using the cumulative effect approach.
Note 3 — Restructuring and Impairment Charges
A summary of our restructuring and impairment charges and other productivity initiatives is as follows:
2016 2015 2014
2014 Productivity Plan $ 160 $ 169 $ 357
2012 Productivity Plan — 61 61
Total restructuring and impairment charges 160 230 418
Other productivity initiatives 12 90 67
Total restructuring and impairment charges and other
productivity initiatives $ 172 $ 320 $ 485
2014 Multi-Year Productivity Plan
The 2014 Productivity Plan, publicly announced on February 13, 2014, includes the next generation of 
productivity initiatives that we believe will strengthen our food, snack and beverage businesses by: 
accelerating our investment in manufacturing automation; further optimizing our global manufacturing 
footprint, including closing certain manufacturing facilities; re-engineering our go-to-market systems in 
developed markets; expanding shared services; and implementing simplified organization structures to drive 
efficiency. The 2014 Productivity Plan is in addition to the 2012 Productivity Plan and is expected to continue 
the benefits of that plan.
In 2016, 2015 and 2014, we incurred restructuring charges of $160 million ($131 million after-tax or $0.09 
per share), $169 million ($134 million after-tax or $0.09 per share) and $357 million ($262 million after-tax 
or $0.17 per share), respectively, in conjunction with our 2014 Productivity Plan. All of these charges were 
recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses and primarily relate to severance and other employee-
related costs, asset impairments (all non-cash), and other costs associated with the implementation of our 
initiatives, including contract termination costs. Substantially all of the restructuring accrual at December 31, 
2016 is expected to be paid by the end of 2017.
91
Page#111
Table of Contents
A summary of our 2014 Productivity Plan charges is as follows:
2016 2015 2014
Severance Severance Severance 
and Other and Other and Other
Employee Asset Other Employee Asset Other Employee Asset Other 
Costs Impairments Costs Total Costs Impairments Costs Total Costs Impairments Costs Total
(a)
FLNA 
$ 10 $ — $ 3 $ 13 $ 18 $ (1) $ 9 $ 26 $ 25 $ 10 $ 11 $ 46
QFNA
— — 1 1 — — 3 3 12 — 2 14
NAB
18 8 9 35 10 4 17 31 60 56 56 172
(a)
Latin America 
29 — (2) 27 2 10 16 28 15 3 10 28
ESSA
21 22 17 60 26 11 25 62 24 4 14 42
AMENA
4 6 4 14 2 — 8 10 14 — 8 22
(a)
Corporate 
6 — 4 10 1 — 8 9 (2) — 35 33
$ 88 $ 36 $ 36 $ 160 $ 59 $ 24 $ 86 $169 $ 148 $ 73 $ 136 $357
(a) Income amounts represent adjustments of previously recorded amounts.
Since the inception of the 2014 Productivity Plan, we incurred restructuring charges of $739 million:
2014 Productivity Plan Costs to Date
Severance
and Other Asset
Employee Costs Impairments Other Costs Total
FLNA $ 64 $ 9 $ 23 $ 96
QFNA 15 — 6 21
NAB 97 68 82 247
Latin America 52 13 24 89
ESSA 81 37 56 174
AMENA 21 6 20 47
Corporate 17 — 48 65
$ 347 $ 133 $ 259 $ 739
A summary of our 2014 Productivity Plan activity is as follows:
Severance
and Other Asset 
Employee Costs Impairments Other Costs Total
Liability as of December 28, 2013 $ 30 $ — $ 1 $ 31
2014 restructuring charges 148 73 136 357
Cash payments (56) — (109) (165)
Non-cash charges and translation (33) (73) (4) (110)
Liability as of December 27, 2014 89 — 24 113
2015 restructuring charges 59 24 86 169
Cash payments (76) — (87) (163)
Non-cash charges and translation (11) (24) (3) (38)
Liability as of December 26, 2015 61 — 20 81
2016 restructuring charges 88 36 36 160
Cash payments (46) — (49) (95)
Non-cash charges and translation (15) (36) 1 (50)
Liability as of December 31, 2016 $ 88 $ — $ 8 $ 96
92
Page#112
Table of Contents
2012 Multi-Year Productivity Plan
The 2012 Productivity Plan, publicly announced on February 9, 2012, included actions in every aspect of 
our business that we believe would strengthen our complementary food, snack and beverage businesses by: 
leveraging new technologies and processes across PepsiCo’s operations, go-to-market and information 
systems; heightening the focus on best practice sharing across the globe; consolidating manufacturing, 
warehouse and sales facilities; and implementing simplified organization structures, with wider spans of 
control and fewer layers of management. The 2012 Productivity Plan has enhanced PepsiCo’s cost-
competitiveness and provided a source of funding for future brand-building and innovation initiatives. 
In 2015 and 2014, we incurred restructuring charges of $61 million ($50 million after-tax or $0.03 per share) 
and $61 million ($54 million after-tax or $0.04 per share), respectively, in conjunction with our 2012 
Productivity Plan. All of these charges were recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses and 
primarily related to severance and other employee-related costs, asset impairments (all non-cash), and contract 
termination costs. The 2012 Productivity Plan was completed in 2016 and all cash payments were paid by 
the end of 2016.
A summary of our 2012 Productivity Plan charges is as follows: 
2015 2014
Severance and Severance and 
Other Other
Asset Asset
Employee Employee
Impairments Other Costs Total Impairments Other Costs Total
Costs Costs
(a)
FLNA $ — $ — $ — $ — $ (1) $ — $ 3 $ 2
QFNA — — — — — — — —
(a)
NAB — — 2 2 (3) 1 9 7
(a)
Latin America 6 1 1 8 19 — (19) —
ESSA 15 — 12 27 6 5 18 29
AMENA 15 3 2 20 12 — 3 15
(a)
Corporate 3 — 1 4 (2) — 10 8
$ 39 $ 4 $ 18 $ 61 $ 31 $ 6 $ 24 $ 61
(a) Income amounts represent adjustments of previously recorded amounts.
Since the inception of the 2012 Productivity Plan, we incurred restructuring charges of $894 million:
2012 Productivity Plan Costs to Date
Severance
and Other Asset
Employee Costs Impairments Other Costs Total
FLNA $ 91 $ 8 $ 25 $ 124
QFNA 18 — 10 28
NAB 107 44 48 199
Latin America 98 11 18 127
ESSA 136 23 66 225
AMENA 75 5 17 97
Corporate 35 — 59 94
$ 560 $ 91 $ 243 $ 894
93
Page#113
Table of Contents
A summary of our 2012 Productivity Plan activity is as follows:
Severance
and Other Asset
Employee Costs Impairments Other Costs Total
Liability as of December 28, 2013 $ 68 $ — $ 17 $ 85
2014 restructuring charges 31 6 24 61
Cash payments (65) — (36) (101)
Non-cash charges and translation (6) (6) — (12)
Liability as of December 27, 2014 28 — 5 33
2015 restructuring charges 39 4 18 61
Cash payments (24) — (21) (45)
Non-cash charges and translation (8) (4) 1 (11)
Liability as of December 26, 2015 35 — 3 38
Cash payments (28) — (2) (30)
Non-cash charges and translation (7) — (1) (8)
Liability as of December 31, 2016 $ — $ — $ — $ —
Other Productivity Initiatives
There were no material charges related to other productivity and efficiency initiatives outside the scope of 
the 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans in 2016. In 2015, we incurred charges of $90 million ($66 million
after-tax or $0.04 per share) related to other productivity and efficiency initiatives, including $48 million in 
Latin America, $5 million in ESSA, $20 million in AMENA and $17 million in Corporate. In 2014, we 
incurred charges of $67 million ($54 million after-tax or $0.04 per share) related to other productivity and 
efficiency initiatives, including $11 million in Latin America, $26 million in ESSA and $30 million in 
AMENA. Non-cash charges in 2015 and 2014 were $10 million and $13 million, respectively. These amounts 
were recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses and primarily reflect severance and other 
employee-related costs and asset impairments (all non-cash). These initiatives were not included in items 
affecting comparability. Cash payments in 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $43 million, $57 million and $3 million, 
respectively. Substantially all of the accrual of $29 million at December 31, 2016 is expected to be paid by 
the end of 2017.
We regularly evaluate different productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives 
discussed above. 
See additional unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” and “Results of Operations – 
Division Review” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations. 
94
Page#114
Table of Contents
Note 4 — Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets
A summary of our property, plant and equipment is as follows:
Average
Useful Life
(Years) 2016 2015 2014
Property, plant and equipment, net
Land $ 1,153 $ 1,184
Buildings and improvements 15 - 44 8,306 8,061
Machinery and equipment, including fleet and software 5 - 15 25,277 24,764
Construction in progress 2,082 1,738
36,818 35,747
Accumulated depreciation (20,227) (19,430)
$ 16,591 $ 16,317
Depreciation expense $ 2,217 $ 2,248 $ 2,441
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at historical cost. Depreciation and amortization are recognized 
on a straight-line basis over an asset’s estimated useful life. Land is not depreciated and construction in 
progress is not depreciated until ready for service. 
A summary of our amortizable intangible assets is as follows:
2016 2015 2014
Average
Useful Life Accumulated Accumulated
Amortizable intangible assets, net (Years) Gross Amortization Net Gross Amortization Net
Acquired franchise rights 56 – 60 $ 827 $ (108) $ 719 $ 820 $ (92) $ 728
Reacquired franchise rights 5 – 14 106 (102) 4 105 (99) 6
Brands 20 – 40 1,277 (977) 300 1,298 (987) 311
Other identifiable intangibles 10 – 24 522 (308) 214 526 (301) 225
$ 2,732 $ (1,495) $ 1,237 $ 2,749 $ (1,479) $ 1,270
Amortization expense $ 70 $ 75 $ 92
Amortization of intangible assets for each of the next five years, based on existing intangible assets as of 
December 31, 2016 and using average 2016 foreign exchange rates, is expected to be as follows:
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Five-year projected amortization $ 62 $ 60 $ 57 $ 57 $ 55
Depreciable and amortizable assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the 
operating or macroeconomic environment. In these circumstances, if an evaluation of the undiscounted cash 
flows indicates impairment, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value, which is based on discounted 
future cash flows. Useful lives are periodically evaluated to determine whether events or circumstances have 
occurred which indicate the need for revision. For additional unaudited information on our policies for 
amortizable brands, see “Our Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
95
Page#115
Table of Contents
Nonamortizable Intangible Assets
We did not recognize any impairment charges for goodwill in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 
2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014. We recognized no material impairment charges 
for nonamortizable intangible assets in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 
2015 and December 27, 2014. As of December 31, 2016, the estimated fair values of our indefinite-lived 
reacquired and acquired franchise rights recorded at NAB exceeded their carrying values. However, there 
could be an impairment of the carrying value of NAB’s reacquired and acquired franchise rights if future 
revenues and their contribution to the operating results of NAB’s CSD business do not achieve our expected 
future cash flows or if macroeconomic conditions result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of 
capital used to estimate fair value. We have also analyzed the impact of the macroeconomic conditions in 
Russia and Brazil on the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets in these countries and 
have concluded that there is no impairment as of December 31, 2016. However, there could be an impairment 
of the carrying value of certain brands in these countries if there is a further deterioration in these conditions, 
if future revenues and their contributions to the operating results do not achieve our expected future cash 
flows or if macroeconomic conditions result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used 
to estimate fair value. For additional information on our policies for nonamortizable intangible assets, see 
Note 2.
96
Page#116
Table of Contents
The change in the book value of nonamortizable intangible assets is as follows:
Balance, Balance, Balance,
Translation Translation
Beginning End of End of
and Other and Other
2015 2015 2016
FLNA
Goodwill $ 291 $ (24) $ 267 $ 3 $ 270
Brands 27 (5) 22 1 23
318 (29) 289 4 293
QFNA
Goodwill 175 — 175 — 175
NAB
(a)
Goodwill 9,846 (92) 9,754 89 9,843
Reacquired franchise rights 7,193 (151) 7,042 22 7,064
Acquired franchise rights 1,538 (31) 1,507 5 1,512
(a)
Brands 108 — 108 206 314
18,685 (274) 18,411 322 18,733
Latin America
Goodwill 644 (123) 521 32 553
(b)
Brands 223 (86) 137 13 150
867 (209) 658 45 703
(c)
ESSA 
Goodwill 3,539 (497) 3,042 135 3,177
Reacquired franchise rights 571 (83) 488 — 488
Acquired franchise rights 199 (9) 190 (6) 184
Brands 2,663 (451) 2,212 146 2,358
6,972 (1,040) 5,932 275 6,207
AMENA
Goodwill 470 (52) 418 (6) 412
Brands 117 (12) 105 (2) 103
587 (64) 523 (8) 515
Total goodwill 14,965 (788) 14,177 253 14,430
Total reacquired franchise rights
7,764 (234) 7,530 22 7,552
Total acquired franchise rights 1,737 (40) 1,697 (1) 1,696
Total brands 3,138 (554) 2,584 364 2,948
$ 27,604 $ (1,616) $ 25,988 $ 638 $ 26,626
(a) The change in 2016 is primarily related to our acquisition of KeVita, Inc.
(b) The change in 2015 includes a reduction of $41 million of nonamortizable brands arising from the Venezuela deconsolidation.
(c) The change in 2016 and 2015 primarily reflects the currency fluctuation of the Russian ruble.
97
Page#117
Table of Contents
Note 5 — Income Taxes
The components of income before income taxes are as follows:
2016 2015 2014
United States $ 2,630 $ 2,879 $ 2,557
Foreign 5,923 4,563 6,200
$ 8,553 $ 7,442 $ 8,757
The provision for income taxes consisted of the following:
2016 2015 2014
Current: U.S. Federal $ 1,219 $ 1,143 $ 1,364
Foreign 824 773 851
State 77 65 210
2,120 1,981 2,425
Deferred: U.S. Federal 109 (14) (33)
Foreign (33) (32) (60)
State (22) 6 (133)
54 (40) (226)
$ 2,174 $ 1,941 $ 2,199
A reconciliation of the U.S. Federal statutory tax rate to our annual tax rate is as follows:
2016 2015 2014
U.S. Federal statutory tax rate 35.0% 35.0% 35.0%
State income tax, net of U.S. Federal tax benefit 0.4 0.6 0.6
Lower taxes on foreign results (8.0) (10.5) (8.6)
Impact of Venezuela impairment charges — 6.4 —
Tax settlements — (3.1) —
Other, net (2.0) (2.3) (1.9)
Annual tax rate 25.4% 26.1% 25.1%
98
Page#118
Table of Contents
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are comprised of the following:
Deferred tax liabilities 2016 2015
Debt guarantee of wholly-owned subsidiary $ 839 $ 842
Property, plant and equipment 1,967 2,023
Intangible assets other than nondeductible goodwill 4,124 3,920
Other 245 299
Gross deferred tax liabilities 7,175 7,084
Deferred tax assets
Net carryforwards 1,255 1,279
Share-based compensation 219 240
Retiree medical benefits 316 343
Other employee-related benefits 614 547
Pension benefits 419 424
Deductible state tax and interest benefits 189 186
Other 839 933
Gross deferred tax assets 3,851 3,952
Valuation allowances (1,110) (1,136)
Deferred tax assets, net 2,741 2,816
Net deferred tax liabilities $ 4,434 $ 4,268
Deferred taxes are included within the following balance sheet accounts:
2016 2015
Assets:
Prepaid expenses and other current assets $ 639 $ 691
Liabilities:
Deferred income taxes $ 5,073 $ 4,959
A summary of our valuation allowance activity is as follows: 
2016 2015 2014
Balance, beginning of year $ 1,136 $ 1,230 $ 1,360
Provision/(Benefit) 13 (26) (25)
Other deductions (39) (68) (105)
Balance, end of year $ 1,110 $ 1,136 $ 1,230
For additional unaudited information on our income tax policies, including our reserves for income taxes, 
see “Our Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations.
99
Page#119
Table of Contents
Reserves
A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a reserve, is audited 
and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. Our 
major taxing jurisdictions and the related open tax audits are as follows:
Years Currently
Jurisdiction
Years Open to Audit Under Audit
United States 2010, 2012-2015 2012-2013
Mexico 2011-2015 2014
United Kingdom 2014-2015 None
Canada (Domestic) 2011-2015 2011-2014
Canada (International) 2009-2015 2010-2014
Russia 2012-2015 2013-2015
While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, 
we believe that our reserves reflect the probable outcome of known tax contingencies. We adjust these 
reserves, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any 
particular issue would usually require the use of cash. Favorable resolution would be recognized as a reduction 
to our annual tax rate in the year of resolution. For further unaudited information on the impact of the resolution 
of open tax issues, see “Other Consolidated Results” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations.
In 2015, we reached an agreement with the IRS resolving substantially all open matters related to the audits 
of taxable years 2010 and 2011 (two immaterial matters were still open as of December 31, 2016). The 
agreement resulted in a 2015 non-cash tax benefit totaling $230 million. 
As of December 31, 2016, the total gross amount of reserves for income taxes, reported in other liabilities, 
was $1,885 million. We accrue interest related to reserves for income taxes in our provision for income taxes 
and any associated penalties are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. The gross amount 
of interest accrued, reported in other liabilities, was $193 million as of December 31, 2016, of which $61 
million of expense was recognized in 2016. The gross amount of interest accrued, reported in other liabilities, 
was $144 million as of December 26, 2015, of which $14 million of expense was recognized in 2015.
A rollforward of our reserves for all federal, state and foreign tax jurisdictions, is as follows:
2016 2015
Balance, beginning of year $ 1,547 $ 1,587
Additions for tax positions related to the current year 349 248
Additions for tax positions from prior years 139 122
Reductions for tax positions from prior years (70) (261)
Settlement payments (26) (78)
Statutes of limitations expiration (27) (34)
Translation and other (27) (37)
Balance, end of year $ 1,885 $ 1,547
100
Page#120
Table of Contents
Carryforwards and Allowances
Operating loss carryforwards totaling $11.3 billion at year-end 2016 are being carried forward in a number 
of foreign and state jurisdictions where we are permitted to use tax operating losses from prior periods to 
reduce future taxable income. These operating losses will expire as follows: $0.1 billion in 2017, $9.9 billion
between 2018 and 2036 and $1.3 billion may be carried forward indefinitely. We establish valuation 
allowances for our deferred tax assets if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some 
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Undistributed International Earnings
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $44.9 billion of undistributed international earnings. We 
intend to continue to reinvest earnings outside the United States for the foreseeable future and, therefore, 
have not recognized any U.S. tax expense on these earnings. It is not practicable for us to determine the 
amount of unrecognized U.S. tax expense on these reinvested international earnings.
Note 6 — Share-Based Compensation
Our share-based compensation program is designed to attract and retain employees while also aligning 
employees’ interests with the interests of our shareholders. PepsiCo has granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs, 
PEPunits and long-term cash awards to employees under the shareholder-approved PepsiCo, Inc. Long-Term 
Incentive Plan (LTIP) (previously named the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan). A stock option permits the 
holder to purchase shares of PepsiCo common stock at a specified price. Each RSU represents our obligation 
to deliver to the holder one share of PepsiCo common stock when the award vests at the end of the service 
period. PSUs are awards pursuant to which a number of shares are delivered to the holder upon vesting at 
the end of the service period based on PepsiCo’s performance against specified targets. During the vesting 
period, RSUs and PSUs accrue dividend equivalents that pay out in cash (without interest) if and when the 
applicable RSU or PSU vests and becomes payable. PEPunits provide an opportunity to earn shares of 
PepsiCo common stock with a value that adjusts based upon changes in PepsiCo’s absolute stock price as 
well as PepsiCo’s Total Shareholder Return relative to the S&P 500 over a three-year performance period. 
Beginning in 2016, certain executive officers and other senior executives were granted long-term cash awards 
for which final payout is based on PepsiCo’s Total Shareholder Return relative to a specific set of peer 
companies and achievement of a specified performance target over a three-year performance period. 
The Company may use authorized and unissued shares to meet share requirements resulting from the exercise 
of stock options and the vesting of RSUs, PSUs and PEPunits. 
As of December 31, 2016, 82 million shares were available for future share-based compensation grants under 
the LTIP.
The following table summarizes our total share-based compensation expense:
2016 2015 2014
Share-based compensation expense - equity awards $ 284 $ 295 $ 297
Share-based compensation expense - liability awards 5 — —
Restructuring and impairment charges/(credits) 5 4 (3)
Total $ 294 $ 299 $ 294
Income tax benefits recognized in earnings related to share-based
$ 91 $ 77 $ 75
compensation
As of December 31, 2016, there was $321 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to 
nonvested share-based compensation grants. This unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be 
recognized over a weighted-average period of two years.
101
Page#121
Table of Contents
Method of Accounting and Our Assumptions
We account for our employee stock options under the fair value method of accounting using a Black-Scholes 
valuation model to measure stock option expense at the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs is measured 
at the market price of the Company’s stock on the date of grant. The fair value of PSUs is measured at the 
market price of the Company’s stock on the date of grant with the exception of market-based awards, for 
which we use the Monte-Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value. The Monte-Carlo simulation 
model uses the same input assumptions as the Black-Scholes model; however, it also further incorporates 
into the fair-value determination the possibility that the market condition may not be satisfied. Compensation 
costs related to these awards are recognized regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided 
that the requisite service has been provided. Long-term cash awards that qualify as liability awards under 
share-based compensation guidance are valued through the end of the performance period on a mark-to-
market basis using the Monte Carlo simulation model until actual performance is determined. 
All stock option grants have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the 
date of grant and generally have a 10-year term. We do not backdate, reprice or grant share-based compensation 
awards retroactively. Repricing of awards would require shareholder approval under the LTIP. 
The fair value of share-based award grants is amortized to expense over the vesting period, primarily three
years. Awards to employees eligible for retirement prior to the award becoming fully vested are amortized 
to expense over the period through the date that the employee first becomes eligible to retire and is no longer 
required to provide service to earn the award. Executives who are awarded long-term incentives based on 
their performance may generally elect to receive their grant in the form of stock options or RSUs, or a 
combination thereof. Executives who elect stock options receive four stock options for every one RSU that 
would have otherwise been granted. Certain executive officers and other senior executives do not have a 
choice and, through 2015, were granted a combination of 60% PEPunits measuring both absolute and relative 
stock price performance and 40% long-term cash based on achievement of specific performance operating 
metrics. Beginning in 2016, certain executive officers and other senior executives were granted 66%
performance stock units and 34% long-term cash, each of which are subject to pre-established performance 
targets. Certain executives are granted performance-based stock units which require the achievement of 
specified financial and/or operational performance metrics. The number of shares may be increased to the 
maximum or reduced to the minimum threshold based on the results of these performance metrics in 
accordance with the terms established at the time of the award. 
Our weighted-average Black-Scholes fair value assumptions are as follows:
2016 2015 2014
Expected life 6 years 7 years 6 years
Risk-free interest rate 1.4% 1.8% 1.9%
Expected volatility 12% 15% 16%
Expected dividend yield 2.7% 2.7% 2.9%
The expected life is the period over which our employee groups are expected to hold their options. It is based 
on our historical experience with similar grants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the expected U.S. 
Treasury rate over the expected life. Volatility reflects movements in our stock price over the most recent 
historical period equivalent to the expected life. Dividend yield is estimated over the expected life based on 
our stated dividend policy and forecasts of net income, share repurchases and stock price. In addition, we 
use historical data to estimate forfeiture rates and record share-based compensation expense only for those 
awards that are expected to vest. 
102
Page#122
Table of Contents
A summary of our share-based compensation activity for the year ended December 31, 2016 is as follows:
Our Stock Option Activity Weighted-
Average 
Weighted- Contractual
Average Life Aggregate 
Exercise Remaining Intrinsic
Options(a) Price (years) Value(b)
Outstanding at December 26, 2015 31,472 $ 66.98
Granted 1,743 $ 100.10
Exercised (7,303) $ 63.49
Forfeited/expired (722) $ 81.06
Outstanding at December 31, 2016 25,190 $ 69.88 4.19 $ 876,000
Exercisable at December 31, 2016 19,315 $ 63.35 3.02 $ 797,246
Expected to vest as of December 31, 2016 5,390 $ 90.74 7.96 $ 75,439
(a) Options are in thousands and include options previously granted under The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. (PBG) plan. No additional options 
or shares were granted under the PBG plan after 2009.
(b) In thousands.
Our RSU and PSU Activity Weighted-
Average 
Weighted- Contractual 
Average Life Aggregate
Grant-Date Remaining Intrinsic
RSUs/PSUs(a) Fair Value (years) Value(a)
Outstanding at December 26, 2015 9,108 $ 84.03
(b)
Granted 3,054 $ 99.06
Converted (3,372) $ 77.33
Forfeited (659) $ 90.10
(c)
Actual performance change 106 $ 80.09
(d)
Outstanding at December 31, 2016 8,237 $ 91.81 1.29 $ 861,817
Expected to vest as of December 31, 2016 7,577 $ 91.42 1.21 $ 792,739
(a) In thousands.
(b) Grant activity for all PSUs are disclosed at target.
(c) Reflects the net number of PSUs above and below target levels based on actual performance measured at the end of the performance period.
(d) The outstanding PSUs for which the performance period has not ended as of December 31, 2016, at the threshold, target and maximum 
award levels were zero, 0.7 million and 1.1 million, respectively.
103
Page#123
Table of Contents
Our PEPunit Activity Weighted-
Average
Weighted- Contractual 
Average Life Aggregate
Grant-Date Remaining Intrinsic
PEPunits(a) Fair Value (years) Value(a)
Outstanding at December 26, 2015 821 $ 62.77
Converted (390) $ 68.48
Forfeited (19) $ 63.64
(b)
Actual performance change 121 $ 68.48
(c)
Outstanding at December 31, 2016 533 $ 59.86 0.66 $ 55,737
Expected to vest as of December 31, 2016 514 $ 59.49 0.64 $ 53,742
(a) In thousands.
(b) Reflects the net number of PEPunits above and below target levels based on actual performance measured at the end of the performance 
period.
(c) The outstanding PEPunits for which the performance period has not ended as of December 31, 2016, at the threshold, target and maximum 
award levels were zero, 0.5 million and 0.9 million, respectively.
Our Long-term Cash Award Activity Contractual
Long-term Balance Life
Cash Sheet Date Remaining
(a) (a)
Award Fair Value (years)
Outstanding at December 26, 2015 $ —
 (b)
Granted 16,932
Forfeited (1,262)
(c)
Outstanding at December 31, 2016 $ 15,670 $ 14,865 2.16
Expected to vest as of December 31, 2016 $ 14,175 $ 13,448 2.16
(a) In thousands.
(b) Grant activity for all long-term cash awards are disclosed at target.
(c) The outstanding long-term cash awards for which the performance period has not ended as of December 31, 2016, at the threshold, target 
and maximum award levels were zero, $15.7 million and $31.3 million, respectively.
104
Page#124
Table of Contents
Other Share-Based Compensation Data
2016 2015 2014
Stock Options
(a)
Total number of options granted 1,743 1,884 3,416
Weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted $ 6.94 $ 10.80 $ 8.79
(a)
Total intrinsic value of options exercised $ 290,131 $ 366,188 $ 423,251
(a)
Total grant-date fair value of options vested $ 18,840 $ 21,837 $ 42,353
RSUs/PSUs
(a)
Total number of RSUs/PSUs granted 3,054 2,759 4,379
Weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs/PSUs granted $ 99.06 $ 99.17 $ 80.39
(a)
Total intrinsic value of RSUs/PSUs converted $ 359,401 $ 375,510 $ 319,820
(a)
Total grant-date fair value of RSUs/PSUs vested $ 257,648 $ 257,831 $ 241,836
PEPunits
(a)
Total number of PEPunits granted — 300 387
Weighted-average grant-date fair value of PEPunits granted $ — $ 68.94 $ 50.95
(a)
Total intrinsic value of PEPunits converted $ 38,558 $ 37,705 $ —
(a)
Total grant-date fair value of PEPunits vested $ 16,572 $ 22,286 $ 5,072
(a) In thousands.
As of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, there were approximately 254,000 and 293,000 
outstanding awards, respectively, consisting primarily of phantom stock units that were granted under the 
PepsiCo Director Deferral Program and will be settled in shares of PepsiCo common stock pursuant to the 
LTIP at the end of the applicable deferral period, not included in the tables above.
Note 7 — Pension, Retiree Medical and Savings Plans
In 2016, the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans purchased a group annuity contract whereby an 
unrelated insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future annuity payments for 
certain retirees. In 2016, we made discretionary contributions of $452 million primarily to fund the transfer 
of the obligation. This transaction triggered a pre-tax settlement charge of $242 million ($162 million after-
tax or $0.11 per share). See additional unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” in 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
Effective as of the beginning of 2016, we prospectively changed the method we use to estimate the service 
and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost. The pre-tax reduction in net periodic benefit cost 
associated with this change in 2016 was $125 million ($81 million after-tax or $0.06 per share). See “Pension 
and Retiree Medical Plans” in “Our Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further unaudited information on this change in 
accounting estimate.
In 2014, we offered certain former employees who had vested benefits in our U.S. defined benefit pension 
plans the option of receiving a one-time lump sum payment equal to the present value of the participant’s 
pension benefit (payable in cash or rolled over into a qualified retirement plan or IRA). In 2014, we made a 
discretionary contribution of $388 million to fund substantially all of these payments. We recorded a pre-
tax settlement charge of $141 million ($88 million after-tax or $0.06 per share) in 2014 as a result of this 
transaction. See additional unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” in Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
105
Page#125
Table of Contents
Gains and losses resulting from actual experience differing from our assumptions, including the difference 
between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets, and from changes in our 
assumptions are determined at each measurement date. These differences are recognized as a component of 
net gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss. If this net accumulated gain or loss exceeds 10%
of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or plan liabilities, a portion of the net gain or loss is 
included in expense for the following year based upon the average remaining service period of active plan 
participants, which in 2016 was approximately 11 years for pension expense and approximately 7 years for 
retiree medical expense. The cost or benefit of plan changes that increase or decrease benefits for prior 
employee service (prior service (credit)/cost) is included in earnings on a straight-line basis over the average 
remaining service period of active plan participants.
In 2016, we approved an amendment to reorganize the U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans that 
resulted in the combination of two plans effective December 31, 2016, and the spinoff of a portion of the 
combined plan into a pre-existing plan effective January 1, 2017. The benefits offered to the plans’ participants 
were unchanged. The result of the reorganization was the creation of the PepsiCo Employees Retirement 
Plan A, or active plan, and the PepsiCo Employees Retirement Plan I, or inactive plan. The reorganization 
was made to facilitate a targeted investment strategy over time and to provide additional flexibility in 
evaluating opportunities to reduce risk and volatility. Actuarial gains and losses associated with the active 
plan will continue to be amortized over the average remaining service life of the active participants 
(approximately 11 years beginning in 2017), while the actuarial gains and losses associated with the inactive 
plan will be amortized over the remaining life expectancy of the inactive participants (approximately 27
years beginning in 2017). As a result of these changes, benefit plan pre-tax expense is expected to decrease 
by approximately $40 million in 2017, primarily impacting corporate unallocated.
106
Page#126
Table of Contents
Selected financial information for our pension and retiree medical plans is as follows:
 
 Pension Retiree Medical
 U.S. International  
 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
Change in projected benefit liability
Liability at beginning of year $ 13,033 $ 13,409 $ 2,872 $ 3,247 $ 1,300 $ 1,439
Service cost 393 435 80 99 31 35
Interest cost 484 546 94 115 41 52
Plan amendments 18 16 — 1 (15) —
Participant contributions — — 2 2 — —
Experience loss/(gain) 614 (583) 560 (221) (51) (115)
Benefit payments (347) (808) (83) (89) (100) (102)
Settlement/curtailment (1,014) — (19) (19) — —
Special termination benefits 11 18 1 1 1 1
Foreign currency adjustment — — (383) (264) 1 (10)
Liability at end of year $ 13,192 $ 13,033 $ 3,124 $ 2,872 $ 1,208 $ 1,300
Change in fair value of plan assets
Fair value at beginning of year $ 11,397 $ 12,224 $ 2,823 $ 3,002 $ 354 $ 415
Actual return on plan assets 880 (85) 409 77 30 (2)
Employer contributions/funding 541 66 118 96 36 43
Participant contributions — — 2 2 — —
Benefit payments (347) (808) (83) (89) (100) (102)
Settlement (1,013) — (22) (16) — —
Foreign currency adjustment — — (353) (249) — —
Fair value at end of year $ 11,458 $ 11,397 $ 2,894 $ 2,823 $ 320 $ 354
Funded status $ (1,734) $ (1,636) $ (230) $ (49) $ (888) $ (946)
107
Page#127
Table of Contents
 Pension Retiree Medical
 U.S. International  
 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
Amounts recognized
Other assets $ — $ — $ 51 $ 56 $ — $ —
Other current liabilities (42) (47) (1) (1) (54) (63)
Other liabilities (1,692) (1,589) (280) (104) (834) (883)
Net amount recognized $ (1,734) $ (1,636) $ (230) $ (49) $ (888) $ (946)
Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax)
Net loss/(gain) $ 3,220 $ 3,065 $ 884 $ 733 $ (193) $ (138)
Prior service cost/(credit) 20 1 (5) (7) (91) (127)
Total $ 3,240 $ 3,066 $ 879 $ 726 $ (284) $ (265)
Components of the increase/(decrease) in net loss/(gain) included in accumulated other comprehensive loss
Change in discount rate $ 296 $ (593) $ 554 $ (150) $ 21 $ (42)
Employee-related assumption changes 5 (35) 8 6 (50) (37)
Liability-related experience different from assumptions 318 51 (2) (77) (22) (36)
Actual asset return different from expected return (46) 935 (246) 97 (6) 29
Amortization and settlement of (losses)/gains (413) (205) (46) (77) 1 (2)
Other, including foreign currency adjustments (5) (6) (117) (69) 1 (1)
Total $ 155 $ 147 $ 151 $ (270) $ (55) $ (89)
Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year $ 12,211 $ 12,077 $ 2,642 $ 2,453
The amounts we report as pension and retiree medical cost consist of the following components:
• Service cost is the value of benefits earned by employees for working during the year.
• Interest cost is the accrued interest on the projected benefit obligation due to the passage of time. 
• Expected return on plan assets is the long-term return we expect to earn on plan investments for our 
funded plans that will be used to settle future benefit obligations.
• Amortization of prior service (credit)/cost represents the recognition in the income statement of benefit 
changes resulting from plan amendments. 
• Amortization of net loss/(gain) represents the recognition in the income statement of changes in the 
amounts of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation based on changes in assumptions and 
actual experience. 
• Settlement/curtailment loss/(gain) represents the result of actions that effectively eliminate all or a 
portion of related projected benefit obligations. Settlements are triggered when payouts to settle the 
projected benefit obligation of a plan due to lump sums or other events exceed the annual service and 
interest cost. Settlements are recognized when actions are irrevocable and we are relieved of the 
primary responsibility and risk for projected benefit obligations. Curtailments are due to events such 
as plant closures or the sale of a business resulting in a reduction of future service or benefits. 
Curtailment losses are recognized when an event is probable and estimable, while curtailment gains 
are recognized when an event has occurred (when the related employees terminate or an amendment 
is adopted) 
• Special termination benefits are the additional benefits offered to employees upon departure due to 
actions such as restructuring.
108
Page#128
Table of Contents
The components of benefit expense are as follows:
 Pension Retiree Medical
 U.S. International 
 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014
Components of benefit expense
Service cost $ 393 $ 435 $ 393 $ 80 $ 99 $ 98 $ 31 $ 35 $ 36
Interest cost 484 546 580 94 115 131 41 52 58
Expected return on plan assets (834) (850) (784) (163) (174) (176) (24) (27) (27)
Amortization of prior service (credit)/cost (1) (3) 21 — — — (38) (39) (28)
Amortization of net loss/(gain) 168 205 175 40 71 53 (1) 2 (4)
210 333 385 51 111 106 9 23 35
(a)
Settlement/curtailment loss/(gain) 245 — 141 9 3 7 (14) — —
Special termination benefits 11 18 24 1 1 — 1 1 3
Total $ 466 $ 351 $ 550 $ 61 $ 115 $ 113 $ (4) $ 24 $ 38
(a) U.S. includes a settlement charge of $242 million related to the group annuity contract purchase in 2016 and a pension lump sum settlement 
charge of $141 million in 2014. See additional unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” in Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The estimated amounts to be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into pre-tax expense in 
2017 for our pension and retiree medical plans are as follows:
 Pension Retiree Medical
 U.S. International
Net loss/(gain)
$ 122 $ 51 $ (12)
Prior service cost/(credit)
1 — (25)
Total
$ 123 $ 51 $ (37)
The following table provides the weighted-average assumptions used to determine projected benefit liability 
and benefit expense for our pension and retiree medical plans:
 Pension Retiree Medical
 U.S. International 
 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014
Weighted-average assumptions
Liability discount rate
4.4% 4.5% 4.2% 3.1% 4.0% 3.8% 4.0% 4.2% 3.8%
(a)
Expense discount rate 
n/a 4.2% 5.0% n/a 3.8% 4.7% n/a 3.8% 4.3%
(a)
Service cost discount rate 
4.6% n/a n/a 4.1% n/a n/a 4.3% n/a n/a
(a)
Interest cost discount rate 
3.8% n/a n/a 3.5% n/a n/a 3.3% n/a n/a
Expected return on plan assets
7.5% 7.5% 7.5% 6.2% 6.5% 6.6% 7.5% 7.5% 7.5%
Liability rate of salary increases
3.1% 3.1% 3.5% 3.6% 3.6% 3.6%
Expense rate of salary increases
3.1% 3.5% 3.7% 3.6% 3.6% 3.9%
(a) Effective as of the beginning of 2016, we prospectively changed the method we use to estimate the service and interest cost components 
of pension and retiree medical expense. See additional unaudited information in “Pension and Retiree Medical Plans” in “Our Critical 
Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
109
Page#129
Table of Contents
The following table provides selected information about plans with accumulated benefit obligation and total 
projected benefit liability in excess of plan assets:
 Pension Retiree Medical
 U.S. International  
 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
(a)
Selected information for plans with accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets 
Liability for service to date $ (12,211) $ (6,536) $ (134) $ (155)
Fair value of plan assets $ 11,458 $ 5,698 $ 110 $ 112
Selected information for plans with projected benefit liability in excess of plan assets
Benefit liability $ (13,192) $ (13,033) $ (2,773) $ (511) $ (1,208) $ (1,300)
Fair value of plan assets $ 11,458 $ 11,397 $ 2,492 $ 406 $ 320 $ 354
(a) The increase in U.S. pension plans in 2016 is due to the combination of two U.S. qualified defined benefit plans as part of our plan 
reorganization, resulting in the accumulated benefit obligation of the combined plan exceeding the fair value of plan assets.
Of the total projected pension benefit liability at year-end 2016, $790 million relates to plans that we do not 
fund because the funding of such plans does not receive favorable tax treatment.
Future Benefit Payments and Funding
Our estimated future benefit payments are as follows:
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 - 26
Pension
$ 725 $ 780 $ 825 $ 870 $ 925 $ 5,270
(a)
Retiree medical $ 120 $ 120 $ 115 $ 110 $ 110 $ 485
(a) Expected future benefit payments for our retiree medical plans do not reflect any estimated subsidies expected to be received under the 
2003 Medicare Act. Subsidies are expected to be approximately $2-$3 million for each of the years from 2017 through 2021 and approximately 
$7 million in total for 2022 through 2026.
These future benefit payments to beneficiaries include payments from both funded and unfunded plans.
In 2017, we expect to make pension and retiree medical contributions of approximately $184 million, with 
approximately $54 million for retiree medical benefits.
Plan Assets
Our pension plan investment strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed 
periodically in conjunction with plan liabilities, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk and 
cash requirements for benefit payments. This strategy is also applicable to funds held for the retiree medical 
plans. Our investment objective includes ensuring that funds are available to meet the plans’ benefit 
obligations when they become due. Our overall investment policy is to prudently invest plan assets in a well-
diversified portfolio of equity and high-quality debt securities and real estate to achieve our long-term return 
expectations. Our investment policy also permits the use of derivative instruments, such as futures and forward 
contracts, to reduce interest rate and foreign currency risks. Futures contracts represent commitments to 
purchase or sell securities at a future date and at a specified price. Forward contracts consist of currency 
forwards.
110
Page#130
Table of Contents
For 2017 and 2016, our expected long-term rate of return on U.S. plan assets is 7.5%. Our target investment 
allocations for U.S. plan assets are as follows:
2017 2016
Fixed income 40% 40%
U.S. equity 33% 33%
International equity 22% 22%
Real estate 5% 5%
Actual investment allocations may vary from our target investment allocations due to prevailing market 
conditions. We regularly review our actual investment allocations and periodically rebalance our investments.
The expected return on plan assets is based on our investment strategy and our expectations for long-term 
rates of return by asset class, taking into account volatility and correlation among asset classes and our 
historical experience. We also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness 
of the long-term rates. We evaluate our expected return assumptions annually to ensure that they are 
reasonable. To calculate the expected return on plan assets, our market-related value of assets for fixed income 
is the actual fair value. For all other asset categories, such as equity securities, we use a method that recognizes 
investment gains or losses (the difference between the expected and actual return based on the market-related 
value of assets) over a five-year period. This has the effect of reducing year-to-year volatility.
Contributions to our pension and retiree medical plans were as follows:
Pension Retiree Medical
2016 2015 2014 2016 2015 2014
(a)
Discretionary $ 459 $ — $ 407 $ — $ — $ —
Non-discretionary 200 162 184 36 43 64
Total $ 659 $ 162 $ 591 $ 36 $ 43 $ 64
(a) Includes $452 million in 2016 relating to the funding of the group annuity contract purchase from an unrelated insurance company and 
$388 million in 2014 pertaining to pension lump sum payments. 
111
Page#131
Table of Contents
Plan assets measured at fair value as of fiscal year-end 2016 and 2015 are categorized consistently by level 
in both years, and are as follows:
 2016 2015
Quoted Prices
in Active Significant
Markets for Other Significant
Identical Observable Unobservable
Assets Inputs Inputs
 Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Total
(a)
U.S. plan assets 
(b)
Equity securities, including preferred stock $ 6,489 $ 6,480 $ 9 $ — $ 6,109
(c)
Government securities 1,173 — 1,173 — 1,181
(c)
Corporate bonds 3,012 — 3,012 — 3,191
(c)
Mortgage-backed securities 187 — 187 — 207
(d)
Contracts with insurance companies 7 — — 7 7
Cash and cash equivalents 196 196 — — 267
Sub-total U.S. plan assets 11,064 $ 6,676 $ 4,381 $ 710,962
Real estate commingled funds measured at 
(f) 651 735
net asset value 
Dividends and interest receivable, net of
payables 63 54
Total U.S. plan assets $ 11,778 $ 11,751
International plan assets
(b)
Equity securities $ 1,556 $ 1,528 $ 28 $ — $ 1,492
(c)
Government securities 432 — 432 — 433
(c)
Corporate bonds 453 — 453 — 439
(e)
Fixed income commingled funds 316 316 — — 308
(d)
Contracts with insurance companies 35 — — 35 32
Cash and cash equivalents 12 12 — — 12
Sub-total international plan assets 2,804 $ 1,856 $ 913 $ 35 2,716
Real estate commingled funds measured at 
(f) 84 100
net asset value 
Dividends and interest receivable 6 7
Total international plan assets $ 2,894 $ 2,823
(a) 2016 and 2015 amounts include $320 million and $354 million, respectively, of retiree medical plan assets that are restricted for purposes of 
providing health benefits for U.S. retirees and their beneficiaries.
(b) The equity securities portfolio was invested in U.S. and International common stock and commingled funds, and the preferred stock portfolio in 
the U.S. was invested in domestic and international corporate preferred stock investments. The common stock is based on quoted prices in active 
markets. The U.S. commingled funds are based on fair values of the investments owned by these funds that are benchmarked against various U.S. 
large, mid-cap and small company indices, and includes one large-cap fund that represents 19% and 18% of total U.S. plan assets for 2016 and 
2015, respectively. The international commingled funds are based on the fair values of the investments owned by these funds that track various 
non-U.S. equity indices. The preferred stock investments are based on quoted bid prices for comparable securities in the marketplace and broker/
dealer quotes in active markets.
(c) These investments are based on quoted bid prices for comparable securities in the marketplace and broker/dealer quotes in active markets. Corporate 
bonds of U.S.-based companies represent 22% and 23% of total U.S. plan assets for 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
(d) Based on the fair value of the contracts as determined by the insurance companies using inputs that are not observable. The changes in Level 3 
amounts were not significant in the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015.
(e) Based on the fair value of the investments owned by these funds that track various government and corporate bond indices.
(f) The real estate commingled funds include investments in limited partnerships. These funds are based on the net asset value of the appraised value 
of investments owned by these funds as determined by independent third parties using inputs that are not observable. The majority of the funds are 
redeemable quarterly subject to availability of cash and have notice periods ranging from 45 to 90 days.
112
Page#132
Table of Contents
Retiree Medical Cost Trend Rates
2017 2016
Average increase assumed
6% 6%
Ultimate projected increase
5% 5%
 
Year of ultimate projected increase
2039 2039
These assumed health care cost trend rates have an impact on the retiree medical plan expense and liability, 
however the cap on our share of retiree medical costs limits the impact. A 1-percentage-point change in the 
assumed health care trend rate would have the following effects:
1% 1%
Increase Decrease
2016 service and interest cost components
$ 3 $ (3)
2016 benefit liability
$ 39 $ (34)
Savings Plan
Certain U.S. employees are eligible to participate in 401(k) savings plans, which are voluntary defined 
contribution plans. The plans are designed to help employees accumulate additional savings for retirement, 
and we make Company matching contributions for certain employees on a portion of eligible pay based on 
years of service.
Certain U.S. salaried employees, who are not eligible to participate in a defined benefit pension plan, are 
also eligible to receive an employer contribution to the 401(k) savings plan based on age and years of service 
regardless of employee contribution.
In 2016, 2015 and 2014, our total Company contributions were $164 million, $148 million and $130 million, 
respectively.
For additional unaudited information on our pension and retiree medical plans and related accounting policies 
and assumptions, see “Our Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
113
Page#133
Table of Contents
Note 8 — Debt Obligations
The following table summarizes the Company’s debt obligations:
(a) (a)
2016 2015
 (b)
Short-term debt obligations
Current maturities of long-term debt $ 4,401 $ 3,109
Commercial paper (0.6% and 0.3%) 2,257 770
Other borrowings (4.4% and 10.0%) 234 192
$ 6,892 $ 4,071
(b)
Long-term debt obligations 
Notes due 2016 (2.6%) $ — $ 3,087
Notes due 2017 (1.4% and 1.2%) 4,398 4,392
Notes due 2018 (2.3% and 3.6%) 2,561 4,122
Notes due 2019 (1.7% and 3.7%) 2,837 1,627
Notes due 2020 (2.6% and 2.4%) 3,816 3,830
Notes due 2021 (2.4% and 3.0%) 2,249 1,290
Notes due 2022-2046 (3.7% and 3.9%) 18,558 13,938
Other, due 2017-2026 (1.4% and 4.3%) 35 36
34,454 32,322
Less: current maturities of long-term debt obligations (4,401) (3,109)
Total $ 30,053 $ 29,213
(a) Amounts are shown net of unamortized net discounts of $142 million and $162 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(b) The interest rates presented reflect weighted-average rates at year-end. Certain of our fixed rate indebtedness have been swapped to floating 
rates through the use of interest rate derivative instruments. See Note 9 for additional information regarding our interest rate derivative 
instruments. 
In 2016, we issued the following senior notes:
(a)
Interest Rate Maturity Date Amount
Floating rate February 2019 $ 400
1.500% February 2019 $ 600
2.850% February 2026 $ 750
4.450% April 2046 $ 750
0.875% July 2028 € 750 (b)
Floating rate October 2019 $ 250
Floating rate October 2021 $ 250
1.350% October 2019 $ 750
1.700% October 2021 $ 750
2.375% October 2026 $ 1,000
3.450% October 2046 $ 1,500
(a) Represents gross proceeds from issuances of long-term debt excluding debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums.
(b) These notes were designated as a net investment hedge to partially offset the effects of foreign currency on our investments in certain of 
our foreign subsidiaries. 
The net proceeds from the issuances of the above notes were used for general corporate purposes, including 
the repayment of commercial paper, and the redemption of certain long-term debt obligations.
In 2016, we paid $2.5 billion to redeem all of our outstanding 7.900% senior notes due 2018 and 5.125%
senior notes due 2019 for the principal amounts of $1.5 billion and $750 million, respectively, and terminated 
certain interest rate swaps. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $233 million ($156 million after-tax 
114
Page#134
Table of Contents
or $0.11 per share) to interest expense, primarily representing the premium paid in accordance with the 
“make-whole” redemption provisions. See further unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” 
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
In 2016, we entered into a new five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement (Five-Year Credit Agreement) 
which expires on June 6, 2021. The Five-Year Credit Agreement enables us and our borrowing subsidiaries 
to borrow up to $3.7225 billion, subject to customary terms and conditions. We may request that commitments 
under this agreement be increased up to $4.5 billion. Additionally, we may, once a year, request renewal of 
the agreement for an additional one-year period.
Also in 2016, we entered into a new 364-day unsecured revolving credit agreement (364-Day Credit 
Agreement) which expires on June 5, 2017. The 364-Day Credit Agreement enables us and our borrowing 
subsidiaries to borrow up to $3.7225 billion, subject to customary terms and conditions. We may request that 
commitments under this agreement be increased up to $4.5 billion. We may request renewal of this facility 
for an additional 364-day period or convert any amounts outstanding into a term loan for a period of up to 
one year, which would mature no later than the anniversary of the then effective termination date. The Five-
Year Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement together replaced our $3.7225 billion five-year 
credit agreement dated as of June 8, 2015 and our $3.7225 billion 364-day credit agreement dated as of June 
8, 2015. Funds borrowed under the Five-Year Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement may be 
used for general corporate purposes. Subject to certain conditions, we may borrow, prepay and reborrow 
amounts under these agreements. As of December 31, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under 
the Five-Year Credit Agreement or the 364-Day Credit Agreement.
In addition, as of December 31, 2016, our international debt of $235 million was related to borrowings from 
external parties including various lines of credit. These lines of credit are subject to normal banking terms 
and conditions and are fully committed at least to the extent of our borrowings.
See “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations for further unaudited information on our borrowings and long-term contractual 
commitments.
Note 9 — Financial Instruments
Derivatives and Hedging
We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in:
• commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy;
• foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and
• interest rates.
In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks 
through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. 
Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-
saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. Our global purchasing programs include 
fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. 
Our hedging strategies include the use of derivatives and, in the case of our net investment hedges, debt 
instruments. Certain derivatives are designated as either cash flow or fair value hedges and qualify for hedge 
accounting treatment, while others do not qualify and are marked to market through earnings. Cash flows 
from derivatives used to manage commodity price, foreign exchange or interest rate risks are classified as 
operating activities in the cash flow statement. We classify both the earnings and cash flow impact from these 
derivatives consistent with the underlying hedged item. See “Our Business Risks” in Management’s 
115
Page#135
Table of Contents
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further unaudited information 
on our business risks.
For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in fair value is deferred in accumulated other 
comprehensive loss within common shareholders’ equity until the underlying hedged item is recognized in 
net income. For fair value hedges, changes in fair value are recognized immediately in earnings, consistent 
with the underlying hedged item. For net investment hedges, the effective portion of the gains and losses on 
the debt instruments arising from the effects of foreign exchange are recorded in the currency translation 
adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, consistent with the underlying hedged 
item. Hedging transactions are limited to an underlying exposure. As a result, any change in the value of our 
hedging instruments would be substantially offset by an opposite change in the value of the underlying hedged 
items. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We perform assessments of 
our counterparty credit risk regularly, including reviewing netting agreements, if any, and a review of credit 
ratings, credit default swap rates and potential nonperformance of the counterparty. Based on our most recent 
assessment of our counterparty credit risk, we consider this risk to be low. In addition, we enter into derivative 
contracts with a variety of financial institutions that we believe are creditworthy in order to reduce our 
concentration of credit risk.
Commodity Prices
We are subject to commodity price risk because our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing 
may be limited in the competitive environment in which we operate. This risk is managed through the use 
of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, which include 
swaps and futures. In addition, risk to our supply of certain raw materials is mitigated through purchases 
from multiple geographies and suppliers. We use derivatives, with terms of no more than three years, to 
economically hedge price fluctuations related to a portion of our anticipated commodity purchases, primarily 
for agricultural products, energy and metals. Ineffectiveness for those derivatives that qualify for hedge 
accounting treatment was not material for all periods presented. Derivatives used to hedge commodity price 
risk that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting 
gains and losses recorded in corporate unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and 
administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently 
reflected in division results when the divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating 
profit.
Our commodity derivatives had a total notional value of $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $1.0 billion 
as of December 26, 2015. 
Foreign Exchange
Our operations outside of the United States generated 42% of our net revenue in 2016, with Mexico, Canada, 
Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil comprising approximately 19% of our net revenue in 2016. As a 
result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made, 
manufactured, distributed or sold. 
Additionally, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from net investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign 
currency purchases and foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. We 
manage this risk through sourcing purchases from local suppliers, negotiating contracts in local currencies 
with foreign suppliers and through the use of derivatives, primarily forward contracts with terms of no more 
than two years. Exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized as 
transaction gains or losses in our income statement as incurred. We also use net investment hedges to partially 
offset the effects of foreign currency on our investments in certain of our foreign subsidiaries.
116
Page#136
Table of Contents
Our foreign currency derivatives had a total notional value of $1.6 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $2.1 
billion as of December 26, 2015. The total notional amount of our debt instruments designated as net 
investment hedges was $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2016. Ineffectiveness for derivatives and non-
derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting treatment was not material for all periods presented. For foreign 
currency derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, all gains and losses were offset by 
changes in the underlying hedged items, resulting in no material net impact on earnings.
Interest Rates
We centrally manage our debt and investment portfolios considering investment opportunities and risks, tax 
consequences and overall financing strategies. We use various interest rate derivative instruments including, 
but not limited to, interest rate swaps, cross-currency interest rate swaps, Treasury locks and swap locks to 
manage our overall interest expense and foreign exchange risk. These instruments effectively change the 
interest rate and currency of specific debt issuances. Certain of our fixed rate indebtedness have been swapped 
to floating rates. The notional amount, interest payment and maturity date of the interest rate and cross-
currency interest rate swaps match the principal, interest payment and maturity date of the related debt. Our 
Treasury locks and swap locks are entered into to protect against unfavorable interest rate changes relating 
to forecasted debt transactions.
Our interest rate derivatives had a total notional value of $11.2 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $12.5 
billion as of December 26, 2015. Ineffectiveness for derivatives that qualify for cash flow hedge accounting 
treatment was not material for all periods presented. 
As of December 31, 2016, approximately 38% of total debt, after the impact of the related interest rate 
derivative instruments, was subject to variable rates, compared to approximately 33% as of December 26, 
2015.
Available-for-Sale Securities
Investments in debt and marketable equity securities, other than investments accounted for under the equity 
method, are classified as available-for-sale. All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three 
months or less are classified as cash equivalents. Our investments in available-for-sale securities are reported 
at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of available-for-sale securities 
are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss within common shareholders’ equity. Unrealized 
gains and losses on our investments in debt securities as of December 31, 2016 were not material. The pre-
tax unrealized gains on our investments in marketable equity securities were $72 million and $115 million
as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, respectively. 
Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale securities impact net income only when such securities are 
sold or an other-than-temporary impairment is recognized. We regularly review our investment portfolio to 
determine if any security is other-than-temporarily impaired. In making this judgment, we evaluate, among 
other things, the duration and extent to which the fair value of a security is less than its cost; the financial 
condition of the issuer and any changes thereto; and our intent to sell, or whether we will more likely than 
not be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Our assessment of whether 
a security is other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments or changes 
in assumptions related to any particular security. We recorded no other-than-temporary impairment charges 
on our available-for-sale securities for the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015.
Tingyi-Asahi Beverages Holding Co. Ltd. 
During 2016, we concluded that the decline in estimated fair value of our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB 
was other than temporary based on significant negative economic trends in China and changes in assumptions 
associated with TAB’s future financial performance arising from the disclosure by TAB’s parent company, 
117
Page#137
Table of Contents
Tingyi, regarding the operating results of its beverage business. As a result, we recorded a pre- and after-tax 
impairment charge of $373 million ($0.26 per share) in 2016 in the AMENA segment. This charge was 
recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in our income statement and reduced the value of 
our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB to its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value was derived using 
both an income and market approach, and is considered a non-recurring Level 3 measurement within the fair 
value hierarchy. The carrying value of the investment in TAB was $166 million as of December 31, 2016. 
We continue to monitor the impact of economic and other developments on the remaining value of our 
investment in TAB.
In connection with our transaction with Tingyi in 2012, we received a call option to increase our holding in 
TAB to 20% with an expiration date in 2015. Prior to its expiration, we concluded that the probability of 
exercising the option was remote and, accordingly, we recorded a pre- and after-tax charge of $73 million 
($0.05 per share) to write off the recorded value of this call option. 
See further unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” in Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
118
Page#138
Table of Contents
Fair Value Measurements
The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015 are 
categorized as follows:
 2016 2015
(a) (a) (a) (a)
 Assets Liabilities Assets Liabilities
Available-for-sale securities:
(b)
Equity securities $ 82 $ — $ 127 $ —
(c)
Debt securities 11,369 — 7,231 —
$ 11,451 $ — $ 7,358 $ —
(d)
Short-term investments $ 193 $ — $ 193 $ —
(e)
Prepaid forward contracts $ 25 $ — $ 27 $ —
(f)
Deferred compensation $ — $ 472 $ — $ 474
Derivatives designated as fair value hedging
instruments:
(g)
Interest rate $ 66 $ 71 $ 129 $ 12
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedging
instruments:
(h)
Foreign exchange $ 51 $ 8 $ 76 $ 6
(h)
Interest rate — 408 — 311
(i)
Commodity 2 1 — 7
$ 53 $ 417 $ 76 $ 324
Derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments:
(h)
Foreign exchange $ 2 $ 15 $ 8 $ 10
(g)
Interest rate — — 44 56
(i)
Commodity 61 26 12 141
$ 63 $ 41 $ 64 $ 207
(j)
Total derivatives at fair value $ 182 $ 529 $ 269 $ 543
Total $ 11,851 $ 1,001 $ 7,847 $ 1,017
 
(a) Unless otherwise noted, financial assets are classified on our balance sheet within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets. 
Financial liabilities are classified on our balance sheet within accounts payable and other current liabilities and other liabilities. Unless 
specifically indicated, all financial assets and liabilities are categorized as Level 2 assets or liabilities.
(b) Based on the price of common stock. Categorized as a Level 1 asset. These equity securities are classified as investments in noncontrolled 
affiliates.
(c) Based on quoted broker prices or other significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. As of December 31, 
2016, $4.6 billion and $6.8 billion of debt securities were classified as cash equivalents and short-term investments, respectively. As of 
December 26, 2015, $4.5 billion and $2.7 billion of debt securities were classified as cash equivalents and short-term investments, 
respectively. All of our available-for-sale debt securities have maturities of one year or less.
(d) Based on the price of index funds. Categorized as a Level 1 asset. These investments are classified as short-term investments and are used 
to manage a portion of market risk arising from our deferred compensation liability. 
(e) Based primarily on the price of our common stock. 
(f) Based on the fair value of investments corresponding to employees’ investment elections.
(g) Based on LIBOR forward rates. As of December 26, 2015, amounts related to non-designated instruments are presented on a net basis on 
our balance sheet.
(h) Based on recently reported market transactions of spot and forward rates.
(i) Based on recently reported market transactions, primarily swap arrangements.
(j) Unless otherwise noted, derivative assets and liabilities are presented on a gross basis on our balance sheet. Amounts subject to enforceable 
master netting arrangements or similar agreements which are not offset on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 
2015 were not material. Collateral received against any of our asset positions was not material.
119
Page#139
Table of Contents
The carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments approximate fair value 
due to their short-term maturity. The fair value of our debt obligations as of December 31, 2016 and 
December 26, 2015 was $38 billion and $35 billion, respectively, based upon prices of similar instruments 
in the marketplace, which are considered Level 2 inputs.
Losses/(gains) on our hedging instruments are categorized as follows:
Fair Value/Non-
 designated Hedges Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges
Losses/(Gains)
Reclassified from
Losses/(Gains) Accumulated Other
Losses/(Gains) Recognized in Comprehensive Loss
Recognized in Accumulated Other into Income
(a) (b)
Income Statement Comprehensive Loss Statement
 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
Foreign exchange $ 74 $ (14) $ (24) $ (112) $ (44) $ (97)
Interest rate 105 17 97 195 187 174
Commodity (52) 218 1 12 7 20
Net investment — — (39) — — —
Total $ 127 $ 221 $ 35 $ 95 $ 150 $ 97
 
(a) Foreign exchange derivative losses/gains are primarily included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Interest rate derivative 
losses/gains are primarily from fair value hedges and are included in interest expense. These losses/gains are substantially offset by decreases/
increases in the value of the underlying debt, which are also included in interest expense. Commodity derivative losses/gains are included 
in either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity.
(b) Foreign exchange derivative losses/gains are primarily included in cost of sales. Interest rate derivative losses/gains are included in interest 
expense. Commodity derivative losses/gains are included in either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending 
on the underlying commodity. 
Based on current market conditions, we expect to reclassify net gains of $17 million related to our cash flow 
hedges from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net income during the next 12 months.
Note 10 — Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per Common Share
Basic net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share is net income available for PepsiCo common 
shareholders divided by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net 
income attributable to PepsiCo per common share is calculated using the weighted average of common shares 
outstanding adjusted to include the effect that would occur if in-the-money employee stock options were 
exercised and RSUs, PSUs, PEPunits and preferred shares were converted into common shares.
120
Page#140
Table of Contents
The computations of basic and diluted net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share are as follows:
 
 2016 2015 2014
Income Shares(a) Income Shares(a) Income Shares(a)
 
Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 6,329 $ 5,452 $ 6,513
Preferred shares:
Dividends (1) (1) (1)
Redemption premium (5) (5) (9)
Net income available for PepsiCo
  common shareholders $ 6,323 1,439 $ 5,446 1,469 $ 6,503 1,509
Basic net income attributable to 
  PepsiCo per common share $ 4.39 $ 3.71 $ 4.31
Net income available for PepsiCo
  common shareholders $ 6,323 1,439 $ 5,446 1,469 $ 6,503 1,509
Dilutive securities:
Stock options, RSUs, PSUs,
1 12 — 15 — 17
PEPunits and Other
ESOP convertible preferred stock 5 1 6 1 10 1
Diluted $ 6,329 1,452 $ 5,452 1,485 $ 6,513 1,527
Diluted net income attributable to
  PepsiCo per common share $ 4.36 $ 3.67 $ 4.27
(a) Weighted-average common shares outstanding (in millions).
Out-of-the-money options excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common share are as follows: 
2016 2015 2014
(a)
Out-of-the-money options 0.7 1.5 —
Average exercise price per option $ 99.98 $ 99.25 $ 82.25
(a) In millions.
Note 11 — Preferred Stock
As of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, there were 3 million shares of convertible preferred stock 
authorized. The preferred stock was issued for an ESOP established by Quaker and these shares are redeemable 
for common stock by the ESOP participants. Quaker made the final award to its ESOP in June 2001. The 
preferred stock accrues dividends at an annual rate of $5.46 per share. As of December 31, 2016 and 
December 26, 2015, there were 803,953 preferred shares issued and 122,553 and 135,053 shares outstanding, 
respectively. The outstanding preferred shares had a fair value of $64 million as of December 31, 2016 and 
$67 million as of December 26, 2015. Each share is convertible at the option of the holder into 4.9625 shares 
of common stock. The preferred shares may be called by us upon written notice for redemption under certain 
conditions, including, among other things, upon termination of the ESOP in accordance with the ESOP’s 
terms, at the greater of $78 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends or the fair market value of the 
preferred stock. 
Activities of our preferred stock are included in the equity statement.
121
Page#141
Table of Contents
Note 12 — Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Attributable to PepsiCo
Comprehensive income is a measure of income which includes both net income and other comprehensive 
income or loss. Other comprehensive income or loss results from items deferred from recognition into our 
income statement. Accumulated other comprehensive income or loss is separately presented on our balance 
sheet as part of common shareholders’ equity. Other comprehensive loss attributable to PepsiCo was $600 
million in 2016, $2,650 million in 2015 and $5,542 million in 2014. The accumulated balances for each 
component of other comprehensive loss attributable to PepsiCo are as follows:
2016 2015 2014
(a) 
Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
$ (11,386) $ (11,080) $ (8,255)
Cash flow hedges, net of tax 83 37 34
(b)
Unamortized pension and retiree medical, net of tax (2,645) (2,329) (2,500)
Unrealized gain on securities, net of tax
64 88 87
Other
(35) (35) (35)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to PepsiCo
$ (13,919) $ (13,319) $ (10,669)
(a) The change from 2014 to 2015 primarily reflects the depreciation of the Russian ruble, Brazilian real and the Canadian dollar.
(b) Net of taxes of $1,280 million in 2016, $1,253 million in 2015 and $1,260 million in 2014.
122
Page#142
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to the 
income statement:
Amount Reclassified from
Accumulated Other Affected Line Item in the
Comprehensive Loss Income Statement
2016 2015 2014
Currency translation:
  Venezuelan entities $ — $ 111 $ — Venezuela impairment charges
Cash flow hedges:
  Foreign exchange contracts $ 2 $ (3) $ — Net revenue
  Foreign exchange contracts (46) (94) (16) Cost of sales
  Interest rate derivatives 187 174 233 Interest expense
  Commodity contracts 3 9 31 Cost of sales
Selling, general and
  Commodity contracts 4 11 1 administrative expenses
  Net losses before tax 150 97 249
  Tax amounts (63) (47) (95)
  Net losses after tax $ 87 $ 50 $ 154
Pension and retiree medical items:
(a)
  Amortization of net prior service credit $ (39) $ (41) $ (6)
 (a)
  Amortization of net losses 209 281 226
(a)
  Settlement/curtailment 237 6 149
  Net losses before tax 407 246 369
  Tax amounts (144) (74) (122)
  Net losses after tax $ 263 $ 172 $ 247
  Venezuelan entities $ — $ 20 $ — Venezuela impairment charges
  Tax amount — (4) —
  Net losses after tax $ — $ 16 $ —
Total net losses reclassified for the year, net of tax $ 350 $ 349 $ 401
(a) These items are included in the components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and retiree medical plans (see Note 7 for additional 
details).
123
Page#143
Table of Contents
Note 13 — Supplemental Financial Information
Supplemental information for accounts and notes receivable and inventories is summarized as follows:
2016 2015 2014
Accounts and notes receivable
Trade receivables
$ 5,709 $ 5,497
Other receivables
1,119 1,070
6,828 6,567
Allowance, beginning of year
130 137 $ 145
Net amounts charged to expense
37 43 38
(a)
Deductions (30) (27) (27)
(b)
Other (3) (23) (19)
Allowance, end of year
134 130 $ 137
Net receivables
$ 6,694 $ 6,437
(c)
Inventories 
Raw materials and packaging
$ 1,315 $ 1,312
Work-in-process
150 161
Finished goods
1,258 1,247
$ 2,723 $ 2,720
(a) Includes accounts written off. 
(b) Includes adjustments related primarily to currency translation and other adjustments.
(c) Approximately 5% and 4% of the inventory cost in 2016 and 2015, respectively, were computed using the LIFO method. The differences 
between LIFO and FIFO methods of valuing these inventories were not material.
Supplemental information for other assets and accounts payable and other current liabilities is summarized 
as follows:
 2016 2015
Other assets
Noncurrent notes and accounts receivable
$ 105 $ 140
Deferred marketplace spending
140 159
(a)
Pension plans 
53 60
Other
338 391
$ 636 $ 750
Accounts payable and other current liabilities
Accounts payable
$ 6,158 $ 5,546
Accrued marketplace spending
2,444 2,319
Accrued compensation and benefits
1,770 1,759
Dividends payable
1,097 1,041
Other current liabilities
2,774 2,842
$ 14,243 $ 13,507
(a) See Note 7 for additional information regarding our pension plans.
124
Page#144
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes our minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases by 
period:
Operating Lease Payments
2017 $ 423
2018 374
2019 289
2020 197
2021 147
2022 and beyond 350
Total minimum operating lease payments $ 1,780
The following table summarizes other supplemental information:
2016 2015 2014
Other supplemental information
Rent expense $ 701 $ 696 $ 707
(a)
Interest paid $ 1,102 $ 952 $ 925
Income taxes paid, net of refunds $ 1,393 $ 1,808 $ 1,847
(a) In 2016, interest paid excludes the premium paid in accordance with the “make-whole” provisions of the debt redemption discussed in 
Note 8.
 
125
Page#145
Table of Contents
Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting
To Our Shareholders:
At PepsiCo, our actions – the actions of all our associates – are governed by our Global Code of Conduct. 
This Code is clearly aligned with our stated values – a commitment to deliver sustained growth through 
empowered people acting with responsibility and building trust. Both the Code and our core values enable 
us to operate with integrity – both within the letter and the spirit of the law. Our Code of Conduct is reinforced 
consistently at all levels and in all countries. We have maintained strong governance policies and practices 
for many years.
The management of PepsiCo is responsible for the objectivity and integrity of our consolidated financial 
statements. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has engaged independent registered public 
accounting firm, KPMG LLP, to audit our consolidated financial statements, and they have expressed an 
unqualified opinion.
We are committed to providing timely, accurate and understandable information to investors. Our commitment 
encompasses the following:
Maintaining strong controls over financial reporting. Our system of internal control is based on the control 
criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission published 
in their report titled Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013). The system is designed to provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are executed as authorized and accurately recorded; that assets are 
safeguarded; and that accounting records are sufficiently reliable to permit the preparation of financial 
statements that conform in all material respects with accounting principles generally accepted in the United 
States. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be 
disclosed in reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and 
reported within the specified time periods. We monitor these internal controls through self-assessments and 
an ongoing program of internal audits. Our internal controls are reinforced through our Global Code of 
Conduct, which sets forth our commitment to conduct business with integrity, and within both the letter and 
the spirit of the law.
Exerting rigorous oversight of the business. We continuously review our business results and strategies. 
This encompasses financial discipline in our strategic and daily business decisions. Our Executive Committee 
is actively involved – from understanding strategies and alternatives to reviewing key initiatives and financial 
performance. The intent is to ensure we remain objective in our assessments, constructively challenge our 
approach to potential business opportunities and issues, and monitor results and controls.
Engaging strong and effective Corporate Governance from our Board of Directors. We have an active, 
capable and diligent Board that meets the required standards for independence, and we welcome the Board’s 
oversight as a representative of our shareholders. Our Audit Committee is comprised of independent directors 
with the financial literacy, knowledge and experience to provide appropriate oversight. We review our critical 
accounting policies, financial reporting and internal control matters with them and encourage their direct 
communication with KPMG LLP, with our Internal Auditor, and with our General Counsel. We also have a 
Compliance & Ethics Department, led by our Chief Compliance & Ethics Officer, who coordinates our 
compliance policies and practices.
Providing investors with financial results that are complete, transparent and understandable. The 
consolidated financial statements and financial information included in this report are the responsibility of 
management. This includes preparing the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States, which require estimates based on management’s best judgment.
126
Page#146
Table of Contents
PepsiCo has a strong history of doing what’s right. We realize that great companies are built on trust, 
strong ethical standards and principles. Our financial results are delivered from that culture of accountability, 
and we take responsibility for the quality and accuracy of our financial reporting.
February 15, 2017 
 
/s/ MARIE T. GALLAGHER
Marie T. Gallagher
Senior Vice President and Controller
(Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ HUGH F. JOHNSTON
Hugh F. Johnston
Vice Chairman, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
/s/ INDRA K. NOOYI
Indra K. Nooyi
Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
127
Page#147
Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors and Shareholders
PepsiCo, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of PepsiCo, Inc. and Subsidiaries (“PepsiCo, Inc.” or “the 
Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, 
Comprehensive Income, Cash Flows and Equity for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 
2016. We also have audited PepsiCo, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on 
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). PepsiCo, Inc.’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial 
statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of 
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over 
Financial Reporting under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements 
and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal 
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures 
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to 
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of 
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, 
use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of PepsiCo, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash 
flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally 
accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, PepsiCo, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal 
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated 
Framework (2013) issued by COSO.
/s/ KPMG LLP
New York, New York
February 15, 2017
128
Page#148
Table of Contents
GLOSSARY
Acquisitions and divestitures: all mergers and acquisitions activity, including the impact of acquisitions, 
divestitures and changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity 
investees.
Bottler Case Sales (BCS): measure of physical beverage volume shipped to retailers and independent 
distributors from both PepsiCo and our independent bottlers. 
Bottler funding: financial incentives we give to our independent bottlers to assist in the distribution and 
promotion of our beverage products.
Concentrate Shipments and Equivalents (CSE): measure of our physical beverage volume shipments to 
independent bottlers, retailers and independent distributors.
Constant currency: financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation 
based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. In order to compute our constant currency 
results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current year U.S. dollar results by the current year average 
foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the prior year average 
foreign exchange rates.
Consumers: people who eat and drink our products.
CSD: carbonated soft drinks.
Customers: authorized independent bottlers, distributors and retailers.
Derivatives: financial instruments, such as futures, swaps, Treasury locks, cross currency swaps and forward 
contracts that we use to manage our risk arising from changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign 
exchange rates.
Direct-Store-Delivery (DSD): delivery system used by us and our independent bottlers to deliver snacks 
and beverages directly to retail stores where our products are merchandised.
Effective net pricing: reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities 
and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries.
Free cash flow: net cash provided by operating activities less capital spending plus sales of property, plant 
and equipment. 
Hedge accounting: treatment for qualifying hedges that allows fluctuations in a hedging instrument’s fair 
value to offset corresponding fluctuations in the hedged item in the same reporting period. Hedge accounting 
is allowed only in cases where the hedging relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items 
is highly effective, and only prospectively from the date a hedging relationship is formally documented.
Independent bottlers: customers to whom we have granted exclusive contracts to sell and manufacture 
certain beverage products bearing our trademarks within a specific geographical area.
Mark-to-market net gain or loss: change in market value for commodity derivative contracts that we 
purchase to mitigate the volatility in costs of energy and raw materials that we consume. The market value 
is determined based on prices on national exchanges and recently reported transactions in the marketplace.
129
Page#149
Table of Contents
Organic: a measure that adjusts for impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and other structural changes, 
including the Venezuela deconsolidation which was effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015, and 
rd
foreign exchange translation. This measure also excludes the impact of the 53 reporting week in 2016. In 
excluding the impact of foreign exchange translation, we assume constant foreign exchange rates used for 
translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. See the definition of “Constant 
currency” for additional information. 
Servings: common metric reflecting our consolidated physical unit volume. Our divisions’ physical unit 
measures are converted into servings based on U.S. Food and Drug Administration guidelines for single-
serving sizes of our products.
Total marketplace spending: includes sales incentives and discounts offered through various programs to 
our customers, consumers or independent bottlers, as well as advertising and other marketing activities.
Transaction gains and losses: the impact on our consolidated financial statements of exchange rate changes 
arising from specific transactions.
Translation adjustment: the impact of converting our foreign affiliates’ financial statements into U.S. dollars 
for the purpose of consolidating our financial statements.
130
Page#150
Table of Contents
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
Included in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
– Our Business Risks.”
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
See “Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.”
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out 
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure 
controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls 
and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or 
submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods 
specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated 
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to 
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
(b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is 
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term 
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our 
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation 
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon criteria established in Internal 
Control – Integrated Framework (2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial 
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.
Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm. KPMG LLP, an independent registered public 
accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 
10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal 
control over financial reporting.
(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control 
over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably 
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
During our fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, we continued migrating certain of our financial processing systems 
to an enterprise-wide systems solution. These systems implementations are part of our ongoing global business 
transformation initiative, and we plan to continue implementing such systems throughout other parts of our 
businesses over the course of the next few years. In connection with these implementations and resulting 
business process changes, we continue to enhance the design and documentation of our internal control over 
financial reporting processes to maintain effective controls over our financial reporting. We do not expect 
this transition to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
131
Page#151
Table of Contents
Item 9B. Other Information.
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
Information about our directors and persons nominated to become directors is contained under the caption 
“Election of Directors” in our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with 
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the 2017 Proxy Statement) and is 
incorporated herein by reference. Information about our executive officers is reported under the caption 
“Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this report.
Information on beneficial ownership reporting compliance is contained under the caption “Ownership of 
PepsiCo Common Stock – Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our 2017 Proxy 
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
We have a written code of conduct that applies to all of our employees, including our Chairman of the Board 
of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, and to our Board of Directors. 
Our Global Code of Conduct is distributed to all employees and is available on our website at http://
www.pepsico.com. A copy of our Global Code of Conduct may be obtained free of charge by writing to 
Investor Relations, PepsiCo, Inc., 700 Anderson Hill Road, Purchase, New York 10577. Any amendment to 
our Global Code of Conduct and any waiver applicable to our executive officers or senior financial officers 
will be posted on our website within the time period required by the SEC and New York Stock Exchange.
Information about the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of 
Directors can be found in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the caption “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo 
– Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Director Candidates” and is incorporated herein by 
reference.
Information concerning the composition of the Audit Committee and our Audit Committee financial experts 
is contained in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the caption “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo – Committees 
of the Board of Directors – Audit Committee” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Information about director and executive officer compensation, Compensation Committee interlocks and the 
Compensation Committee Report is contained in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the captions “2016 Director 
Compensation,” “Executive Compensation,” “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo – Committees of the Board 
of Directors – Compensation Committee – Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” 
and “Executive Compensation – Compensation Committee Report” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters.
Information with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans can be found 
under the caption “Executive Compensation – Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation 
Plans” in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information on the number of shares of PepsiCo Common Stock beneficially owned by each director and 
named executive officer, by all directors and executive officers as a group and on each beneficial owner of 
more than 5% of PepsiCo Common Stock is contained under the caption “Ownership of PepsiCo Common 
Stock” in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
132
Page#152
Table of Contents
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
Information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is 
contained under the captions “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo – Related Person Transactions” and 
“Corporate Governance at PepsiCo – Director Independence” in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated 
herein by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.
Information on our Audit Committee’s pre-approval policy and procedures for audit and other services and 
information on our principal accountant fees and services is contained in our 2017 Proxy Statement under 
the caption “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – Audit and 
Other Fees” and is incorporated herein by reference.
133
Page#153
Table of Contents
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a)1. Financial Statements
The following consolidated financial statements of PepsiCo, Inc. and its affiliates are included herein 
by reference to the pages indicated on the index appearing in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”:
Consolidated Statement of Income – Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and 
December 27, 2014
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income – Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, 
December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows – Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 
and December 27, 2014
Consolidated Balance Sheet – December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015
Consolidated Statement of Equity – Fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and 
December 27, 2014
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
(a)2. Financial Statement Schedules
These schedules are omitted because they are not required or because the information is set forth in 
the financial statements or the notes thereto.
(a)3. Exhibits
See Index to Exhibits.
134
Page#154
Table of Contents
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary.
None.
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, PepsiCo has 
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Dated: February 15, 2017
 
PepsiCo, Inc.
By: /s/ Indra K. Nooyi
Indra K. Nooyi
 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer
 
135
Page#155
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by 
the following persons on behalf of PepsiCo and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
SIGNATURE TITLE DATE
/s/  Indra K. Nooyi Chairman of the Board of Directors and February 15, 2017
Indra K. Nooyi Chief Executive Officer
/s/  Hugh F. Johnston Vice Chairman, Executive Vice President February 15, 2017
Hugh F. Johnston and Chief Financial Officer
/s/  Marie T. Gallagher Senior Vice President and Controller February 15, 2017
Marie T. Gallagher (Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/  Shona L. Brown Director February 15, 2017
Shona L. Brown
/s/  George W. Buckley Director February 15, 2017
George W. Buckley
/s/  Cesar Conde Director February 15, 2017
Cesar Conde
/s/  Ian M. Cook Director February 15, 2017
Ian M. Cook
/s/  Dina Dublon Director February 15, 2017
Dina Dublon
/s/  Rona A. Fairhead Director February 15, 2017
Rona A. Fairhead
/s/  Richard W. Fisher Director February 15, 2017
Richard W. Fisher
/s/  William R. Johnson Director February 15, 2017
William R. Johnson
/s/  David C. Page Director February 15, 2017
David C. Page
/s/  Robert C. Pohlad Director February 15, 2017
Robert C. Pohlad
/s/  Lloyd G. Trotter Director February 15, 2017
Lloyd G. Trotter
/s/  Daniel Vasella Director February 15, 2017
Daniel Vasella
/s/  Darren Walker Director February 15, 2017
Darren Walker
/s/  Alberto Weisser Director February 15, 2017
Alberto Weisser
136
Page#156
Table of Contents
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
ITEM 15(a)(3)
The following is a list of the exhibits filed as part of this Form 10-K. The documents incorporated by 
reference are located in the SEC’s Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. in the SEC’s file no. 
1-1183.
EXHIBIT
3.1 Articles of Incorporation of PepsiCo, Inc., as amended and restated, effective as of May 9, 
2011, which are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2011.
3.2 By-laws of PepsiCo, Inc., as amended and restated, effective as of January 11, 2016, which 
are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 11, 2016.
4.1 PepsiCo, Inc. agrees to furnish to the SEC, upon request, a copy of any instrument defining 
the rights of holders of long-term debt of PepsiCo, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries for which 
consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements are required to be filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission.
4.2 Indenture dated May 21, 2007 between PepsiCo, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon 
(formerly known as The Bank of New York), as Trustee, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR 
(Registration No. 333-154314) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 
15, 2008.
4.3 Form of 5.00% Senior Note due 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on May 21, 2008.
4.4 Form of 7.90% Senior Note due 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 24, 2008.
4.5 Form of 4.50% Senior Note due 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on January 13, 2010.
4.6 Form of 5.50% Senior Note due 2040, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on January 13, 2010.
4.7 Form of 3.125% Senior Note due 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 25, 2010.
4.8 Form of 4.875% Senior Note due 2040, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 25, 2010.
4.9 Form of 0.950% Senior Notes due 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 28, 2014.
4.10 Form of 3.600% Senior Notes due 2024, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 28, 2014.
4.11 Form of 1.750% Senior Notes due 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on April 28, 2014.
137
Page#157
Table of Contents
4.12 Form of 2.625% Senior Notes due 2026, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on April 28, 2014.
4.13 Form of 4.250% Senior Notes due 2044, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 of PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 22, 2014.
4.14 Form of Floating Rate Notes due 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on April 30, 2015.
4.15 Form of 1.250% Senior Notes due 2018, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on April 30, 2015.
4.16 Form of 1.850% Senior Notes due 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on April 30, 2015.
4.17 Form of 2.750% Senior Notes due 2025, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on April 30, 2015.
4.18 Form of Floating Rate Notes due 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on July 17, 2015.
4.19 Form of 1.125% Senior Notes due 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on July 17, 2015.
4.20 Form of 3.100% Senior Notes due 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on July 17, 2015.
4.21 Form of 3.500% Senior Notes due 2025, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on July 17, 2015.
4.22 Form of 4.600% Senior Notes due 2045, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.5 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on July 17, 2015.
4.23 Form of Floating Rate Notes due 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 14, 2015.
4.24 Form of 1.000% Senior Notes due 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 14, 2015.
4.25 Form of 2.150% Senior Notes due 2020, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 14, 2015.
4.26 Form of 4.450% Senior Notes due 2046, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 14, 2015.
4.27 Form of Floating Rate Note due 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 24, 2016.
4.28 Form of 1.500% Senior Notes due 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 24, 2016.
138
Page#158
Table of Contents
4.29 Form of 2.850% Senior Notes due 2026, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 24, 2016.
4.30 Form of 4.450% Senior Notes due 2046, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 24, 2016.
4.31 Form of 0.875% Senior Note due 2028, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on July 18, 2016.
4.32 Form of Floating Rate Note due 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 6, 2016.
4.33 Form of Floating Rate Note due 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 6, 2016.
4.34 Form of 1.350% Senior Notes due 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 6, 2016.
4.35 Form of 1.700% Senior Notes due 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 6, 2016.
4.36 Form of 2.375% Senior Notes due 2026, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.5 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 6, 2016.
4.37 Form of 3.450% Senior Notes due 2046, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.6 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 6, 2016.
4.38 Board of Directors Resolutions Authorizing PepsiCo, Inc.’s Officers to Establish the Terms 
of the 4.50% Senior Note due 2020, 5.50% Senior Note due 2040, 3.125% Senior Note due 
2020 and 4.875% Senior Note due 2040, which are incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 24 weeks ended June 12, 
2010.
4.39 Form of 2.500% Senior Note due 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on May 6, 2011.
4.40 Board of Directors Resolutions Authorizing PepsiCo, Inc.’s Officers to Establish the Terms 
of the 2.500% Senior Note due 2016, the 3.000% Senior Note due 2021, the 2.750% Senior 
Note due 2022, the 4.000% Senior Note due 2042, the 1.250% Senior Note due 2017, the 
3.600% Senior Note due 2042 and the 2.500% Senior Note due 2022, which are incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2011.
4.41 Form of 3.000% Senior Note due 2021, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on August 25, 2011.
4.42 Form of 2.750% Senior Note due 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on March 2, 2012.
4.43 Form of 4.000% Senior Note due 2042, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on March 2, 2012.
4.44 Form of 1.250% Senior Note due 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on August 13, 2012.
139
Page#159
Table of Contents
4.45 Form of 3.600% Senior Note due 2042, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on August 13, 2012.
4.46 Form of 2.500% Senior Note due 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 30, 2012.
4.47 Indenture dated as of October 24, 2008 among PepsiCo, Inc., Bottling Group, LLC and The 
Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 24, 2008.
4.48 Form of Floating Rate Note due 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 28, 2013.
4.49 Form of 0.700% Senior Note due 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 28, 2013.
4.50 Form of 2.750% Senior Note due 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 28, 2013.
4.51 Board of Directors Resolutions Authorizing PepsiCo, Inc.’s Officers to Establish the Terms 
of the Floating Rate Note due 2016, the 0.700% Senior Note due 2016, the 2.750% Senior 
Note due 2023, the 2.250% Senior Notes due 2019, the 0.950% Senior Notes due 2017, the 
3.600% Senior Notes due 2024, the 1.750% Senior Notes due 2021, the 2.625% Senior Notes 
due 2026, the 4.250% Senior Notes due 2044, the Floating Rate Notes due 2018, 1.250% 
Senior Notes due 2018, the 1.850% Senior Notes due 2020, the 2.750% Senior Notes due 
2025, the Floating Rate Notes due 2017, the 1.125% Senior Notes due 2017, the 3.100% 
Senior Notes due 2022, the 3.500% Senior Notes due 2025, the 4.600% Senior Notes due 
2045, the Floating Rate Notes due 2017, the 1.000% Senior Notes due 2017, the 2.150% 
Senior Notes due 2020, the 4.450% Senior Notes due 2046, the Floating Rate Note due 2019, 
the 1.500% Senior Notes due 2019, the 2.850% Senior Notes due 2026, the 0.875% Senior 
Note due 2028, the Floating Rate Note due 2019, the Floating Rate Note due 2021, the 1.350% 
Senior Notes due 2019, the 1.700% Senior Notes due 2021, the 2.375% Senior Notes due 
2026, and the 3.450% Senior Notes due 2046, which are incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 4.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission on February 28, 2013.
4.52 Form of 2.250% Senior Notes due 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on July 30, 2013.
4.53 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2010, among Pepsi-Cola Metropolitan 
Bottling Company, Inc., The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc., Bottling Group, LLC and The Bank 
of New York Mellon to the Indenture dated March 8, 1999 between The Pepsi Bottling Group, 
Inc., Bottling Group, LLC and The Chase Manhattan Bank, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2010.
4.54 Indenture, dated as of March 8, 1999, by and among The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc., as obligor, 
Bottling Group, LLC, as guarantor, and The Chase Manhattan Bank, as trustee, relating to 
$1,000,000,000 7% Series B Senior Note due 2029, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10.14 to The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 
(Registration No. 333-70291).
4.55 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2010, among Pepsi-Cola 
Metropolitan Bottling Company, Inc., PepsiAmericas, Inc. and The Bank New York Mellon 
Trust Company, N.A. to the Indenture dated as of January 15, 1993 between Whitman 
Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago, as trustee, which is incorporated herein 
by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2010.
140
Page#160
Table of Contents
4.56 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 1999, including the Indenture dated as of 
January 15, 1993, between Whitman Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago, 
as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Post-Effective 
Amendment No. 1 to PepsiAmericas, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration 
No. 333-64292) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 29, 2005.
4.57 Form of PepsiAmericas, Inc. 7.29% Note due 2026, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 4.7 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
March 20, 2010.
4.58 Form of PepsiAmericas, Inc. 7.44% Note due 2026, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 4.8 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
March 20, 2010.
4.59 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 26, 2010, among Pepsi-Cola Metropolitan 
Bottling Company, Inc., PepsiAmericas, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association to 
the Indenture dated as of August 15, 2003 between PepsiAmericas, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank 
Minnesota, National Association, as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 4.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission on March 1, 2010.
4.60 Indenture dated as of August 15, 2003 between PepsiAmericas, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank 
Minnesota, National Association, as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 4 to PepsiAmericas, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration 
No. 333-108164) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2003.
4.61 Form of PepsiAmericas, Inc. 5.00% Note due 2017, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 4.16 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended March 20, 2010.
4.62 Form of PepsiAmericas, Inc. 5.50% Note due 2035, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 4.17 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended March 20, 2010.
4.63 Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2003, by and between Bottling Group, LLC, as obligor, and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to 
Bottling Group, LLC’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on October 3, 2003.
4.64 Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2006, by and between Bottling Group, LLC, as obligor, and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as trustee, which is incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 4.1 to The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended March 25, 2006.
4.65 Form of Bottling Group, LLC 5.50% Senior Note due April 1, 2016, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 25, 2006.
4.66 Form of Bottling Group, LLC 5.125% Senior Note due January 15, 2019, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Bottling Group, LLC’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2009.
4.67 Form of PepsiCo Guarantee of Pepsi-Cola Metropolitan Bottling Company, Inc.’s 7.00% Note 
due 2029, 7.29% Note due 2026, 7.44% Note due 2026, 5.00% Note due 2017, 5.50% Note 
due 2035 and Bottling Group, LLC’s 5.50% Note due 2016 and 5.125% Note due 2019, which 
is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 5, 2010.
10.1 PepsiCo Executive Income Deferral Program (Plan Document for the Pre-409A Program), 
amended and restated effective July 1, 1997, which is incorporated herein by reference to 
Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
September 6, 2008.*
10.2 PepsiCo, Inc. 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective September 
12, 2008, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 6, 2008.*
141
Page#161
Table of Contents
10.3 PepsiCo, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit B to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2009 Annual Meeting of 
Shareholders filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 24, 2009.*
10.4 Form of PepsiCo, Inc. Director Indemnification Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.20 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended December 25, 2004.*
10.5 Severance Plan for Executive Employees of PepsiCo, Inc. and Affiliates, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
fiscal quarter ended September 6, 2008.*
10.6 PepsiCo Executive Income Deferral Program (Plan Document for the 409A Program), 
amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2005, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
September 6, 2008.*
10.7 Amendments to the PepsiCo, Inc. 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plans, the PepsiCo, Inc. 1994 
Long-Term Incentive Plan, the PepsiCo, Inc. 1995 Stock Option Incentive Plan, the PepsiCo 
SharePower Stock Option Plan, the PepsiCo, Inc. 1987 Incentive Plan effective as of December 
31, 2005, which are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005.*
10.8 Amendments to the PepsiCo, Inc. 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the PepsiCo SharePower 
Stock Option Plan, the PepsiCo, Inc. 1995 Stock Option Incentive Plan, the Quaker Long-
Term Incentive Plan of 1999, the Quaker Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1990 and the PepsiCo, 
Inc. Director Stock Plan, effective as of November 17, 2006, which are incorporated herein 
by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended December 30, 2006.*
10.9 Form of Non-Employee Director Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 
10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 9, 2006.*
10.10 Form of Annual Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2007.*
10.11 Form of Performance-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2007.*
10.12 Form of Pro Rata Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2007.*
10.13 Form of Stock Option Retention Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission on May 8, 2007.*
10.14 PepsiCo, Inc. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 12, 2010, 
which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report 
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2010.*
10.15 Form of Annual Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2008.*
10.16 Form of Performance-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2008.*
10.17 Form of Annual Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009.*
142
Page#162
Table of Contents
10.18 Form of Performance-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009.*
10.19 Form of Pro Rata Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009.*
10.20 Form of Stock Option Retention Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10.4 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009.*
10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Retention Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.5 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 2009.*
10.22 Form of Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
10 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 21, 
2009.*
10.23 PBG 2004 Long Term Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
99.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission on February 26, 2010 (Registration No. 333-165107).*
10.24 PBG Long Term Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to 
PepsiCo, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 26, 2010 (Registration No. 333-165107).*
10.25 PBG Stock Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to 
PepsiCo, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 26, 2010 (Registration No. 333-165107).*
10.26 Amendments to PBG 2002 Long Term Incentive Plan, PBG Long Term Incentive Plan, The 
Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan and PBG Stock Incentive Plan 
(effective February 8, 2007), which are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.7 to 
PepsiCo, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 26, 2010 (Registration No. 333-165107).*
10.27 Amendments to PBG 2004 Long Term Incentive Plan, PBG 2002 Long Term Incentive Plan, 
The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan, The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. 
1999 Long Term Incentive Plan, PBG Directors’ Stock Plan and PBG Stock Incentive Plan 
(effective February 19, 2010), which are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.8 to 
PepsiCo, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 26, 2010 (Registration No. 333-165107).*
10.28 PepsiAmericas, Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (including Amendments No. 1, No. 2 and No. 
3 thereto), which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.9 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s 
Registration Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
on February 26, 2010 (Registration No. 333-165107).*
10.29 Amendment No. 4 to PepsiAmericas, Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (effective February 18, 
2010), which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.10 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s 
Registration Statement on Form S-8 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
on February 26, 2010 (Registration No. 333-165107).*
10.30 Amendment to the PepsiCo Executive Income Deferral Program Document for the 409A 
Program, adopted February 18, 2010, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 
10.11 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 
20, 2010.*
10.31 Specified Employee Amendments to Arrangements Subject to Section 409A of the Internal 
Revenue Code, adopted February 18, 2010 and March 29, 2010, which is incorporated herein 
by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 
quarterly period ended March 20, 2010.*
143
Page#163
Table of Contents
10.32 Form of Performance-Based Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2010.*
10.33 Amendment to the PepsiCo Executive Income Deferral Program Document for the 409A 
Program, adopted June 28, 2010, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 
to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 
4, 2010.*
10.34 PBG Executive Income Deferral Program (Plan Document for the 409A Program), as 
amended, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2010.*
10.35 PBG Executive Income Deferral Program (Plan Document for the Pre-409A Program), as 
amended, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2010.*
10.36 Form of Annual Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended March 24, 2012.*
10.37 Form of Annual Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2013.*
10.38 PepsiCo, Inc. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated March 13, 2014, 
which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report 
on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2014.*
10.39 PepsiCo, Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective 
February 7, 2014, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit B to PepsiCo, Inc.’s 
Proxy Statement for its 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission on March 21, 2014.*
10.40 The PepsiCo International Retirement Plan Defined Benefit Program, as amended and restated 
effective as of January 1, 2016.*
10.41 The PepsiCo International Retirement Plan Defined Contribution Program, as amended and 
restated effective as of January 1, 2016.*
10.42 PepsiCo, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated May 4, 2016), which is 
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit B to PepsiCo’s Proxy Statement for its 2016 Annual 
Meeting of Shareholders, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 
2016.*
10.43 Form of Annual Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement, which is incorporated herein by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended March 19, 2016.*
10.44 PepsiCo Pension Equalization Plan (the Plan Document for the Pre-409A Program), as 
amended and restated effective as of April 1, 2016, which is incorporated herein by reference 
to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period 
ended March 19, 2016.*
10.45 Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2016, among PepsiCo, Inc., as borrower, the 
lenders named therein, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which is incorporated 
herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to PepsiCo, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2016.
10.46 PepsiCo Pension Equalization Plan (Plan Document for the Section 409A Program), April 1, 
2016 Restatement, with amendments through December 12, 2016.*
10.47 PepsiCo Automatic Retirement Contribution Equalization Plan, as amended and restated 
effective as of April 1, 2016, with amendments through December 12, 2016.*
10.48 PepsiCo Director Deferral Program (Plan Document for the 409A Program), amended and 
restated effective as of January 1, 2005, with revisions adopted through February 2, 2017.*
144
Page#164
Table of Contents
10.49 Form of Annual Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement.*
12 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
21 Subsidiaries of PepsiCo, Inc.
23 Consent of KPMG LLP.
24 Power of Attorney.
31 Certification of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32 Certification of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101 The following materials from PepsiCo, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): 
(i) the Consolidated Statement of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, (iv) the Consolidated Balance Sheet, 
(v) the Consolidated Statement of Equity and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
* Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15
(a)(3) of this report.
145
Page#165
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 146
Reconciliation of GAAP and  Diluted EPS Growth Reconciliation
Year Ended
Non-GAAP Information
12/31/16 12/26/15 Growth
Reported Diluted EPS  $ 4.36  $ 3.67 19%
Organic, core and constant currency results, as well as ROIC, core Commodity Mark-to-Market Net Impact  (0.08) -
net ROIC, free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items, Restructuring and Impairment Charges  0.09 0.12
are not in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We use non-GAAP financial Charges Related to the Transaction 
with Tingyi 0.26  0.05
measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, 
Charge Related to Debt Redemption 0.11 -
including the preparation of our annual operating plan, evaluation 
Pension-Related Settlement Charge/
of our overall business performance and as a factor in determin-
(Benefits) 0.11  (0.03)
ing compensation for certain employees. We believe presenting 
Venezuela Impairment Charges - 0.91
non-GAAP financial measures provides additional information 
Tax Benefit -  (0.15)
to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and 
Core Diluted EPS  $ 4.85  $ 4.57 6
trends in our underlying operating results, and provides additional 
Impact of Foreign Exchange Translation 3
transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe 
Core Constant Currency Diluted 
presenting these measures allows investors to view our perfor-
EPS Growth 9
mance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our 
Impact of Excluding Venezuela from 
financial and business performance and trends. 2015 Base(a) 2.5
Core Constant Currency Diluted EPS 
Growth Excluding Net Impact of 
We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing 
Venezuela from 2015 Base 12%
whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant 
(a) Represents the impact of the exclusion of the 2015 results of our Venezuelan busi-
or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and 
nesses, which were deconsolidated effective as of the end of the third quarter 
business performance or trends. See pages 57–61 and 73–75 in 
of 2015.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations for a detailed description of items excluded 
Operating Margin Growth Reconciliation
from our non-GAAP financial measures. Additionally, free cash flow 
Year Ended 
excluding certain items is a measure management uses to monitor 
12/31/16
cash flow performance. Since net capital spending is essential to 
Reported Operating Margin Growth 234 bps
our product innovation initiatives and maintaining our operational 
Commodity Mark-to-Market Net Impact (25)
capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of 
Restructuring and Impairment Charges (11)
cash. As such, we believe investors should also consider net capital 
Pension-Related Settlements 49
spending when evaluating our cash from operating activities. We 
Charges Related to the Transaction with Tingyi 48
also consider certain other items (included in the Net Cash Provided 
Venezuela Impairment Charges (215)
by Operating Activities Reconciliation table below) in evaluating 
Core Operating Margin Growth 79 bps
free cash flow that we believe investors should consider in evaluat-
ing our free cash flow results.
ROIC
Year Ended
Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in 
12/31/16 12/26/15
nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substi-
Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo  $ 6,329  $ 5,452
tute for the related financial information prepared in accordance 
Interest Expense 1,342 970
with U.S. GAAP. In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may 
Tax on Interest Expense (483) (349)
not be the same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP measures 
 $ 7,188  $ 6,073
presented by other companies.
Average Debt Obligations  $ 35,308  $ 31,169
Average Common Shareholders’ Equity 11,943 15,147
Net Revenue Growth Reconciliation
Average Invested Capital  $ 47,251  $ 46,316
Year Ended 
Return on Invested Capital 15.2% 13.1%
12/31/16
Reported Net Revenue Growth -%
Impact of Foreign Exchange Translation 3
Impact of Acquisitions and Divestitures -
Impact of Venezuela Deconsolidation(a) 2
Impact of 53rd Reporting Week (1)
Organic Revenue Growth 4%
(a) Represents the impact of the exclusion of the 2015 results of our Venezuelan 
businesses, which were deconsolidated effective as of the end of the third 
Note — Certain amounts above may not sum due to rounding.
quarter of 2015.
Page#166
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 147
Core Net ROIC Growth Reconciliation Forward- Looking Statements
Year Ended Growth vs. 
12/31/16 Prior Year
This Annual Report contains statements reflecting our views about 
ROIC Growth 15.2% 210 bps
our future performance that constitute “ forward- looking state-
Impact of:
ments” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Average Cash, Cash Equivalents and 
Reform Act of 1995 (Reform Act). Statements that constitute 
Short-Term Investments 6.0 188
 forward- looking statements within the meaning of the Reform 
Interest Income (0.2) (10)
Act are generally identified through the inclusion of words such 
Tax on Interest Income 0.1 4
as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “drive,” “estimate,” “expect,” 
Commodity Mark-to-Market Net Impact (0.2) (19)
“expressed confidence,” “forecast,” “future,” “goal,” “guidance,” 
Restructuring and Impairment Charges 0.1 (10)
Charges Related to the Transaction with “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “outlook,” “plan,” “position,” “poten-
Tingyi 0.6 50
tial,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “target,” “will” or 
Pension-Related Settlement Charge/
similar statements or variations of such words and other simi-
(Benefits) 0.3 42
lar expressions. All statements addressing our future operating 
Venezuela Impairment Charges (0.5) (316)
performance, and statements addressing events and develop-
Tax Benefits 0.1 49
ments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, are 
Core Net ROIC 21.5% 190 bps
 forward- looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. 
These forward- looking statements are based on currently avail-
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Reconciliation
able information, operating plans and projections about future 
Year Ended events and trends. They inherently involve risks and uncertainties 
12/31/16 12/26/15 Change that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
Net Cash Provided by Operating 
predicted in any such forward- looking statement. These risks and 
Activities  $ 10,404  $ 10,580 (2)%
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in 
Capital Spending  (3,040) (2,758)
“Item 1A. Risk Factors” on pages 10–27 of our Annual Report on 
Sales of Property, Plant and Equipment 99 86
Form 10-K and “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Free Cash Flow 7,463 7,908
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Our Business — 
Payments Related to Restructuring 
Our Business Risks” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K included 
Charges 125 163
herewith. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
Discretionary Pension Contributions 459 -
any such forward- looking statements, which speak only as of the 
Pension-Related Settlements - 88
date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update any 
Net Cash Received Related to Interest 
Rate Swaps (5) - forward- looking statement, whether as a result of new informa-
Net Cash Tax Benefit Related to tion, future events or otherwise.
Discretionary Pension Contributions (151) -
Net Cash Tax Benefit Related to 
Restructuring Charges (22) -
Net Cash Tax Benefit Related to Debt 
Redemption Charge (83) -
Net Cash Tax Benefit Related to Pension-
Related Settlements - (31)
Free Cash Flow Excluding Above Items  $ 7,786  $ 8,128 (4)%
Total Operating Profit Reconciliation
Year Ended
12/31/16 12/26/15 Growth
Reported Operating Profit  $ 9,785  $ 8,353 17%
Commodity Mark-to-Market Net Impact (167) (11)
Restructuring and Impairment Charges 160 230
Charges Related to the Transaction with 
Tingyi 373 73
Pension-Related Settlement Charge/
(Benefits) 242 (67)
Venezuela Impairment Charges -  1,359
Core Operating Profit  $ 10,393  $ 9,937 5%
Note — Certain amounts above may not sum due to rounding.
Page#167
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 148
Common Stock 
Comparison of Cumulative Total Shareholder Return
Information
The graph below compares PepsiCo, Inc.’s cumulative five-year total shareholder return on 
common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 index and the S&P Average 
Stock Trading Symbol — PEP
of Industry Groups index.* The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our 
common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from 12/31/2011 to 
Stock Exchange Listings 12/31/2016.
The New York Stock Exchange is the 
in U.S. dollars PepsiCo, Inc. S&P 500 S&P Avg. of Ind. Groups*
principal market for PepsiCo common 
200
stock, which is also listed on the Chicago 
Stock Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange.
175
Dividend Policy
150
Dividends are usually declared in February, 
May, July and November and paid at the 125
end of March, June and September and 
100
the beginning of January. On February 2, 
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
2017, the Board of Directors of PepsiCo 
declared a quarterly dividend of $0.7525 12/11 12/12 12/13 12/14 12/15 12/16
per share payable March 31, 2017 to share- PepsiCo, Inc. $100 $106 $133 $156 $169 $182
S&P 500 $100 $116 $154 $175 $177 $198
holders of record on March 3, 2017. For the 
S&P Avg. of Industry Groups* $100 $109 $137 $155 $176 $187
remainder of 2017, the dividend record 
dates for these payments are expected to 
*  The S&P Average of Industry Groups is derived by weighting the returns of two applicable S&P Industry Groups 
(Soft Drinks and Packaged Foods) based on the relative contribution of PepsiCo’s sales in its beverage and 
be June 2, September 1 and December 1, 
food businesses.
2017, subject to approval by the Board 
The returns on PepsiCo common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Average of Industry Groups are 
of Directors. We have paid consecutive 
 calculated through December 31, 2016. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future returns on 
quarterly cash dividends since 1965. investments in PepsiCo common stock.
Annualized Cash Dividends Declared
Shareholder Information
Per Share (in $)
16 2.96
15 2.7625 Annual Meeting
14 2.5325
The Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held at the North Carolina History Center at 
13 2.24
Tryon Palace, 529 South Front Street, New Bern, North Carolina 28562, on Wednesday, 
12 2.1275
May 3, 2017, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time. Proxies for the meeting will be solicited 
by an independent proxy solicitor. This Annual Report is not part of the proxy solicitation.
Year-End Market Price of Stock
Based on calendar year-end (in $)
Inquiries Regarding Your Stock Holdings
100 Registered Shareholders (shares held by you in your name) should address communi-
cations concerning transfers, statements, dividend payments, address changes, lost 
75
certificates and other administrative matters to:
50
25
Computershare Inc. or
0
12 13 14 15 16 211 Quality Circle, Suite 201 Manager, Shareholder Relations
College Station, TX 77845 PepsiCo, Inc.
Telephone: 800-226-0083 700 Anderson Hill Road
The closing price for a share of PepsiCo 
201-680-6578 (outside the U.S.) Purchase, NY 10577
common stock on the New York Stock 
Website: www.computershare.com/ Telephone: 914-253-3055
Exchange was the price as reported by 
investor E-mail: investor@pepsico.com
Bloomberg for the years ending 2012–2016. 
Online inquiries: www-us.computer
Past performance is not necessarily indic-
share.com/investor/contact
ative of future stock price performance.
In all correspondence or telephone inquiries, please mention PepsiCo, the name in which 
your shares are registered, your holder ID, your address and your telephone number.
Page#168
2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 149
SharePower Participants (associates Corporate PepsiCo Values
with SharePower Options) should address Our Commitment: To deliver SUSTAINED 
Information
all questions regarding your account, GROWTH through EMPOWERED 
outstanding options or shares received PEOPLE acting with RESPONSIBILITY and 
through option exercises to: building TRUST.
Corporate Headquarters
PepsiCo, Inc.
Merrill Lynch Guiding Principles
700 Anderson Hill Road
1400 Merrill Lynch Drive We must always strive to: Care for our 
Purchase, NY 10577
MSC NJ2-140-03-17 customers, our consumers and the world 
Telephone: 914-253-2000
Pennington, NJ 08534 we live in. Sell only products we can be 
Telephone: 800-637-6713 (U.S., proud of. Speak with truth and candor. 
PepsiCo Website
Puerto Rico and Canada) Win with diversity and inclusion. Balance 
www.pepsico.com
609-818-8800 (all other locations) short term and long term. Respect others 
and succeed together.
Independent Auditors
In all correspondence, please provide 
KPMG LLP
your account number (for U.S. citizens, © 2017 PepsiCo, Inc.
345 Park Avenue
this is your Social Security number), your 
New York, NY 10154-0102
address and your telephone number, and 
Telephone: 212-758-9700
mention PepsiCo SharePower. For tele-
phone inquiries, please have a copy of 
Direct Stock Purchase
your most recent statement available.
Interested investors can make their 
initial purchase directly through 
Environmental Profile
Associate Benefit Plan Participants
Computershare, transfer agent for 
This Annual Report was printed with 
PepsiCo 401(k) Plan
PepsiCo and Administrator for the Plan. 
Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®)– 
The PepsiCo Savings & Retirement
Please contact our transfer agent for 
certified paper, the use of 100% certified 
Center at Fidelity
more information:
renewable wind power resources and 
P.O. Box 770003
soy ink. PepsiCo continues to reduce 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0065
Computershare Inc.
the costs and e nvironmental impact 
Telephone: 800-632-2014
211 Quality Circle, Suite 201
of annual report printing and mailing 
(Overseas: Dial your country’s AT&T 
College Station, TX 77845
by utilizing a distribution model that 
Access Number + 800-632-2014. In the 
Telephone: 800-226-0083
drives increased online readership and 
U.S., access numbers are available by 
201-680-6578 (outside the U.S.)
fewer printed copies. You can learn 
calling 800-331-1140. From anywhere in 
Website: www.computershare.com/
more about our environmental efforts 
the world, access numbers are available 
investor
at www.pepsico.com.
online at www.att.com/traveler).
Online inquiries: www-us.computer 
Website: www.netbenefits.com/pepsico
share.com/investor/contact
PepsiCo Stock Purchase Program
Other services include dividend reinvest-
Fidelity Investments
ment, direct deposit of dividends, optional 
P.O. Box 770001
cash investments by electronic funds 
Cincinnati, OH 45277-0002
transfer or check drawn on a U.S. bank, 
Telephone: 800-632-2014
sale of shares, online account access 
Website: www.netbenefits.com/pepsico
and electronic delivery of shareholder 
Please have a copy of your most recent state-
materials.
ment available when calling with inquiries.
Additional Information
PepsiCo’s Annual Report contains many 
of the valuable trademarks owned and/
or used by PepsiCo and its subsidiaries 
and affiliates in the U.S. and internation-
ally to distinguish products and services of 
outstanding quality. All other trademarks 
featured herein are the property of their 
respective owners.
Page#169
t
l
a
r
i
G
 
e
v
e
t
S
 
d
n
a
 
y
k
s
v
o
t
i
L
 
a
n
i
D,
r
e
d
a
o
L
 
k
r
a
M
 
y
b
 
y
h
p
a
r
g
o
t
o
h
P.
c
n
I
 
r
e
d
n
a
x
e
l
A
 
y
d
n
a
S
 
y
b
 
g PepsiCo has 22 brands in its portfolio that each generated 
n
i
t
n
i
r
P
$1 billion or more in estimated annual retail sales in 2016
 
m
o
c.
n
o
s
i
d
d
a.
w
w
w
 
 
n
o
s
i
d
d
A
 
y
b
 
n
g
i
s
e
D
2016 Diversity Statistics Contribution Summary 
(in millions)
  % Women % People of Colora  2016
Board of Directors 27 33 PepsiCo Foundation $  27.2
 
Senior Executivesb 25 42 Corporate Contributions* 6.1
Executives (U.S.) 34 24 Division Contributions 11.7
All Managers (U.S.) 35 29 Division Estimated In-Kind 55.9
All Employees (U.S.) 19 38 Total $100.9
The data in this chart is as of December 31, 2016, and, other than the Board of *Corporate Contributions includes estimated in-kind donations of $0.4 million.
Directors, this chart reflects full-time employees only.
a) U.S. only; primarily based on completed self-identification forms.
b) Composed of PepsiCo Executive Officers subject to Section 16 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Illustration by: Craig & Karl, designers of one of the first bottle labels for LIFEWTR, 
PepsiCo’s new premium water brand. See Page 9. 
Page#170
